#// -------- PERMISSIONS LIST BLOCKS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 16.03 14:50 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 10089 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.break.*                                                                            # (default: true) Allow breaking blocks
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRDevice.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockBRDevice.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRMetalBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.brMetal.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRMultiblockCreativePart.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMBCreativePart.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRMultiblockGlass.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.brMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRReactorPart.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockReactorPart.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRReactorRedstonePort.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Redstone Port
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRTurbinePart.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTurbinePart.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRTurbineRotorPart.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTurbineRotorPart.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.YelloriteOre.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.brOre.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.YelloriumFuelRod.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Yellorium Fuel Rod
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.tile.fluid.cyanite.still.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Cyanite
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.tile.fluid.yellorium.still.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Yellorium
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Architect Table
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Builder
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Construction Mark
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Filler
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Frame
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Electronic Library
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Quarry
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Land Mark
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Path Mark
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Fuel
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Oil
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Auto Workbench
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Chute
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Flood Gate
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Mining Well
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mining Pipe
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Pump
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Refinery
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Tank
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Requester
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Zone Planner
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Laser
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Recipe Packager
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.break.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-Cable.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Networking Cable
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-Computer.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Computer
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-Peripheral.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-Turtle.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Turtle
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleAdvanced.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Turtle
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleExpanded.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Turtle
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.command_computer.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Command Computer
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraftEdu.CC-TurtleJunior.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Beginner's Turtle
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleAntiBorder.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Turtle border stop block
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleBorder.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Turtle border block
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleBuildAllow.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Turtle build allow block
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleBuildDisallow.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Turtle build disallow block
fe.protection.break.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.alveary.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.beehives.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.candle.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.core.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.engine.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.factory.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.factory2.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fences.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fences2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fences2.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fireproofLog1.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fireproofLog1.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fireproofLog2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fireproofLog2.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fireproofLog3.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fireproofLog3.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fireproofLog4.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fireproofLog4.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fireproofLog5.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fireproofLog5.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fireproofLog6.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fireproofLog6.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fireproofLog7.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fireproofLog7.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fireproofLog8.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fireproofLog8.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fireproofPlanks1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fireproofPlanks1.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fireproofPlanks2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fireproofPlanks2.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ethanol
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Biomass
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Glass
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Honey
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Crushed Ice
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fruit Juice
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Milk
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Seed Oil
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Short Mead
fe.protection.break.Forestry.leaves.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.log1.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.log1.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.log2.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.log2.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.log3.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.log3.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.log4.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.log4.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.log5.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.log5.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.log6.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.log6.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.log7.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.log7.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.log8.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.log8.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.mail.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.planks.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.planks2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.planks2.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.pods.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.resources.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabs1.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs1.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabs2.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs2.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabs3.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs3.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabs4.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs4.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.soil.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.stained.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stained.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.stairs.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.stump.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.break.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.Converter.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.activeLuminator.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Luminator
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.cableBlock.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.constructionFoam.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Construction Foam
fe.protection.break.IC2.constructionFoamWall.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockWall.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.crop.*                                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Crop
fe.protection.break.IC2.dynamiteStick.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.dynamiteStickWithRemote.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.industrialTNT.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Industrial TNT
fe.protection.break.IC2.ironFence.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Iron Fence
fe.protection.break.IC2.ironScaffold.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Iron Scaffold
fe.protection.break.IC2.luminator.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Luminator
fe.protection.break.IC2.miningPipe.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Mining Pipe
fe.protection.break.IC2.miningPipeTip.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mining Pipe
fe.protection.break.IC2.nuke.*                                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Nuke
fe.protection.break.IC2.reactorChamber.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.reinforcedDoorBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.reinforcedGlass.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.break.IC2.reinforcedStone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.break.IC2.resinBlock.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Resin Sheet
fe.protection.break.IC2.rubberLeaves.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.IC2.rubberSapling.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Tree Sapling
fe.protection.break.IC2.rubberTrampoline.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Sheet
fe.protection.break.IC2.rubberWood.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Wood
fe.protection.break.IC2.scaffold.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Scaffold
fe.protection.break.IC2.uraniumOre.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Uranium Ore
fe.protection.break.IC2NuclearControl.NC-BRinfoFetch.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Monitor
fe.protection.break.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ImmibisPeripherals.lanwire.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ImmibisPeripherals.peripherals.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.break.JABBA.barrel.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Better Barrel
fe.protection.break.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.simpleFrame.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Frame Carriage
fe.protection.break.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_Carriage.*                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_Carriage.name
fe.protection.break.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_CarriageDrive.*             # (default: true) BREAK tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_CarriageDrive.name
fe.protection.break.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_RailSpecter.*               # (default: true) BREAK tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_RailSpecter.name
fe.protection.break.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_Spectre.*                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_Spectre.name
fe.protection.break.LogisticsPipes.logisticsPipeBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK LogisticsPipes Pipe Block
fe.protection.break.LogisticsPipes.logisticsSolidBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.NetherOres.netherOresBlockHellfish.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.netherores.hellfish.name
fe.protection.break.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.0.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.netherores.ore.0.name
fe.protection.break.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.netherores.ore.1.name
fe.protection.break.OCS.basicProximitySensor.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Proximity Sensor
fe.protection.break.OCS.gauge.*                                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Gauge
fe.protection.break.OCS.sensor.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sensor
fe.protection.break.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.common.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.powerconverters.common.name
fe.protection.break.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.conduit.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.powerconverters.conduit.name
fe.protection.break.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.ic2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.powerconverters.ic2.name
fe.protection.break.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.rf.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.powerconverters.rf.name
fe.protection.break.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.steam.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.powerconverters.steam.name
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.alchemical_chest.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Alchemical Chest
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.collector_mk1.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Energy Collector MK1
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.collector_mk2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Energy Collector MK2
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.collector_mk3.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Energy Collector MK3
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.condenser_mk1.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Energy Condenser
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.condenser_mk2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Energy Condenser MK2
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.dm_furnace.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.dm_furnace_lit.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.dm_pedestal.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dark Matter Pedestal
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.fuel_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pe_fuel_block.name
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.interdiction_torch.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.matter_block.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pe_matter_block.name
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.nova_cataclysm.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Nova Cataclysm
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.nova_catalyst.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nova Catalyst
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.relay_mk1.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Anti-Matter Relay MK1
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.relay_mk2.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Anti-Matter Relay MK2
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.relay_mk3.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Anti-Matter Relay MK3
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.rm_furnace.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.rm_furnace_lit.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.transmutation_table.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Transmutation Table
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.cube.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.detector.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Creosote
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Steam
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.frame.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.glass.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.ore.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.post.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.signal.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.slab.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.stair.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.track.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Elevator Track
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.break.RedstoneArsenal.Storage.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.break.SolarFlux.solar1.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Solar panel I
fe.protection.break.SolarFlux.solar2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Solar panel II
fe.protection.break.SolarFlux.solar3.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Solar panel III
fe.protection.break.SolarFlux.solar4.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Solar panel IV
fe.protection.break.SolarFlux.solar5.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Solar panel V
fe.protection.break.SolarFlux.solar6.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Solar panel VI
fe.protection.break.Tubestuff.machine.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.Tubestuff.storage.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.additionalpipes.chunkLoader.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Teleport Tether
fe.protection.break.bluepower.alloyfurnace.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Alloy Furnace
fe.protection.break.bluepower.amethyst_block.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Amethyst Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.amethyst_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Amethyst Ore
fe.protection.break.bluepower.auto_project_table.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Auto Project Table
fe.protection.break.bluepower.basalt.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Basalt
fe.protection.break.bluepower.basalt_brick.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Basalt Brick
fe.protection.break.bluepower.basalt_brick_small.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Small Basalt Bricks
fe.protection.break.bluepower.basalt_cobble.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Basalt Cobble
fe.protection.break.bluepower.basalt_paver.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Basalt Paver
fe.protection.break.bluepower.basalt_tile.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Basalt Tile
fe.protection.break.bluepower.basaltbrick_cracked.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cracked Basalt Brick
fe.protection.break.bluepower.block_breaker.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block Breaker
fe.protection.break.bluepower.buffer.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Buffer
fe.protection.break.bluepower.circuit_database.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Circuit Database
fe.protection.break.bluepower.circuit_table.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Circuit Table
fe.protection.break.bluepower.copper_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Copper Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.copper_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Copper Ore
fe.protection.break.bluepower.cracked_basalt_lava.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cracked Basalt
fe.protection.break.bluepower.deployer.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Deployer
fe.protection.break.bluepower.ejector.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ejector
fe.protection.break.bluepower.fancy_basalt.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Basalt Brick
fe.protection.break.bluepower.fancy_marble.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Marble Brick
fe.protection.break.bluepower.filter.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Filter
fe.protection.break.bluepower.flax_crop.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Flax
fe.protection.break.bluepower.igniter.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Igniter
fe.protection.break.bluepower.indigo_flower.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Indigo Flower
fe.protection.break.bluepower.item_detector.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Item Detector
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampRGB.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK RGB Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampblack.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Black Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampblue.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Blue Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampbrown.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Brown Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampcyan.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampgray.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Gray Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampgreen.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Green Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedRGB.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Inverted RGB Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedblack.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Black Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedblue.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Blue Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedbrown.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Brown Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedcyan.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedgray.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Gray Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedgreen.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Green Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_blue.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_gray.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedlime.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Lime Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedmagenta.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedorange.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Orange Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedpink.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Pink Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedpurple.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Purple Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedred.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Red Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedwhite.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Inverted White Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedyellow.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lamplight_blue.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lamplight_gray.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lamplime.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lime Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampmagenta.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lamporange.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Orange Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lamppink.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pink Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lamppurple.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Purple Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampred.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Red Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampwhite.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK White Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampyellow.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.manager.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Manager
fe.protection.break.bluepower.marble.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.bluepower.marble_brick.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Marble Brick
fe.protection.break.bluepower.marble_brick_small.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Small Marble Bricks
fe.protection.break.bluepower.marble_paver.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Marble Paver
fe.protection.break.bluepower.marble_tile.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Tile
fe.protection.break.bluepower.project_table.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Project Table
fe.protection.break.bluepower.regulator.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Regulator
fe.protection.break.bluepower.reinforced_sapphire_glass.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.break.bluepower.relay.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Relay
fe.protection.break.bluepower.retriever.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Retriever
fe.protection.break.bluepower.ruby_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ruby Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.ruby_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ruby Ore
fe.protection.break.bluepower.sapphire_block.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Sapphire Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.sapphire_glass.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.break.bluepower.sapphire_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.break.bluepower.silver_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Silver Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.silver_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Silver Ore
fe.protection.break.bluepower.sorting_machine.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sorting Machine
fe.protection.break.bluepower.sortron.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Sortron
fe.protection.break.bluepower.teslatite_block.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Teslatite Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.teslatite_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Teslatite Ore
fe.protection.break.bluepower.tiles.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Basalt and Marble Tiles
fe.protection.break.bluepower.transposer.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Transposer
fe.protection.break.bluepower.tungsten_block.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tungsten Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.tungsten_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.break.bluepower.zinc_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Zinc Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.zinc_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Zinc Ore
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.camera.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Camera
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.chatBox.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Chat Box
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.cipher.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cipher Block
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.colorfulLamp.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.detector.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Detector - Digital
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.digitalBox.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Digital Signal Receiver Box
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.ironNoteBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Iron Note Block
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.locomotiveRelay.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.radar.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Radar
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.tapeReader.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tape Drive
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.ticketMachine.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ticket Machine
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.algae.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Algae
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.chainFence.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.chainFence.name
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.chimney.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Chimney
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.corrosiveGas.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Corrosive Gas
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.deadAlgae.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dead Algae
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.deflector.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Deflector
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.deflectorBase.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Deflector Generator
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.emasher_direction_changer.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Direction Changer
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.emasher_frame.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Socket Frame
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.emasher_mini_portal.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Fluidic Nether Portal
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.emeryTile.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Emery Tile
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.energy_pipe.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Flux Pipe
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.fluid_pipe.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.gasPocket.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Gas Pocket
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.groundLimestone.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ground Limestone
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.hemp.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.Hemp.name
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.hydrogen.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Hydrogen
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.limestone.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.machine.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Machine Chassis
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.metal.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.e_metal.name
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.mixedDirt.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mixed Dirt
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.mixedSand.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mixed Sand
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.modular_socket.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Modular Socket
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.naturalGas.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Natural Gas
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.neurotoxin.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Deadly Neurotoxin
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.normalCube.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.normalCube.name
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.nutrientWater.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Nutrient Water
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.ore.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.e_ore.name
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.paintedPlanks.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.paintedPlanks.name
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.plasma.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Nether Plasma
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.propellent.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Propellent
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.redSandstone.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.sandbag.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sandbags
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.shaleResource.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.shaleResource.name
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.slickwater.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Slickwater
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.smoke.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Smoke
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.start_pipe.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Universal Extractor
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.superAlgae.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Super Algae
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.tempRS.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Orb
fe.protection.break.eng_toolbox.weaponizedGas.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Weaponized Gas
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK DNA Extractor
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.break.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.break.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Mutatron
fe.protection.break.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.break.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Liquid DNA
fe.protection.break.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mutagen
fe.protection.break.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Protein
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Activator Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.air.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Air
fe.protection.break.minecraft.anvil.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Anvil
fe.protection.break.minecraft.beacon.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bed.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Bed
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cactus.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cake.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cake
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carpet.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carrots.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Carrots
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cauldron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chest.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.clay.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Coal Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cocoa
fe.protection.break.minecraft.command_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dead Bush
fe.protection.break.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Detector Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Diamond
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dirt.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dispenser
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dragon Egg
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dropper.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Dropper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Emerald
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK End Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ender Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.farmland.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Farmland
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fire.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.furnace.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Gold Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Booster Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.grass.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Grass Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gravel.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Gravel
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hay Bale
fe.protection.break.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hopper.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Hopper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ice.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Iron Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Iron Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Jukebox
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ladder.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lava.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lever.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log2.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Melon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Monster Spawner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Mycelium
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart
fe.protection.break.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Note Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.planks.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Planks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.portal.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Potatoes
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.diode.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.rail.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Dust
fe.protection.break.minecraft.reeds.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sugar cane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sand.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.sand.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sapling.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.skull.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.skull.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Soul Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sponge.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sticky Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tnt.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK TNT
fe.protection.break.minecraft.torch.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Trapped Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.diode.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.vine.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Vines
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.water.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.minecraft.web.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cobweb
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wheat.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Crops
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wool.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.break.powersuits.tile.luxCapacitor.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Lux Capacitor
fe.protection.break.powersuits.tile.tinkerTable.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Power Armor Tinker Table
fe.protection.break.qmunitylib.qmunitylib.blocks.multipart.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.qmunitylib:multipart.name
fe.protection.break.quiverchevsky.quiverchevsky_FenLight.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.Fen Light.name
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.BatteryComputerPort.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Battery Computer Port
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.BatteryControler.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Battery Controller
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.BatteryElectrode.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Battery Electrode
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.BatteryGlass.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Battery Glass
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.BatteryPowerTap.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK  Battery Power Tap
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.BatteryWall.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Battery Wall
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.BlockGraphite.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Graphite
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.charcoalblock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.quarryfixerblock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Quarry Fixer
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.rfmeterblock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK RF Meter
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.sulfurblock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Sulfur
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.sulfurousacid.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sulfurous Acid
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.variableredstoneemitter.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Variable Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.explode.*                                                                          # (default: true) (global) Allows blocks to explode
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRDevice.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockBRDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRMetalBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brMetal.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRMultiblockCreativePart.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMBCreativePart.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRMultiblockGlass.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRReactorPart.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockReactorPart.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRReactorRedstonePort.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Redstone Port
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRTurbinePart.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTurbinePart.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRTurbineRotorPart.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTurbineRotorPart.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.YelloriteOre.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brOre.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.YelloriumFuelRod.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellorium Fuel Rod
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.tile.fluid.cyanite.still.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Cyanite
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.tile.fluid.yellorium.still.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Yellorium
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Architect Table
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Builder
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Construction Mark
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Filler
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Electronic Library
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Quarry
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Land Mark
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Path Mark
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fuel
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Oil
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Workbench
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Chute
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Flood Gate
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mining Well
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pump
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Refinery
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tank
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Requester
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Zone Planner
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Laser
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Recipe Packager
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.explode.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraft.CC-Cable.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Networking Cable
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraft.CC-Computer.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraft.CC-Peripheral.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraft.CC-Turtle.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Turtle
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleAdvanced.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Turtle
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleExpanded.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Turtle
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraft.command_computer.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Command Computer
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraftEdu.CC-TurtleJunior.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Beginner's Turtle
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleAntiBorder.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Turtle border stop block
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleBorder.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Turtle border block
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleBuildAllow.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Turtle build allow block
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleBuildDisallow.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Turtle build disallow block
fe.protection.explode.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.alveary.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.beehives.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.candle.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.core.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.engine.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.factory.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.factory2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fences.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fences2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fences2.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fireproofLog1.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fireproofLog1.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fireproofLog2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fireproofLog2.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fireproofLog3.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fireproofLog3.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fireproofLog4.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fireproofLog4.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fireproofLog5.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fireproofLog5.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fireproofLog6.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fireproofLog6.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fireproofLog7.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fireproofLog7.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fireproofLog8.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fireproofLog8.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fireproofPlanks1.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fireproofPlanks1.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fireproofPlanks2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fireproofPlanks2.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethanol
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Biomass
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Glass
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Crushed Ice
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fruit Juice
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Seed Oil
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Short Mead
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.log1.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.log1.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.log2.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.log2.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.log3.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.log3.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.log4.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.log4.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.log5.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.log5.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.log6.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.log6.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.log7.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.log7.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.log8.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.log8.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.mail.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.planks.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.planks2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.planks2.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.pods.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.resources.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.slabs1.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs1.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.slabs2.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs2.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.slabs3.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs3.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.slabs4.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs4.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.soil.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.stained.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stained.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.stairs.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.stump.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.explode.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.Converter.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.activeLuminator.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Luminator
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.cableBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.constructionFoam.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Construction Foam
fe.protection.explode.IC2.constructionFoamWall.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockWall.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.crop.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Crop
fe.protection.explode.IC2.dynamiteStick.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.dynamiteStickWithRemote.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.industrialTNT.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial TNT
fe.protection.explode.IC2.ironFence.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Fence
fe.protection.explode.IC2.ironScaffold.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Scaffold
fe.protection.explode.IC2.luminator.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Luminator
fe.protection.explode.IC2.miningPipe.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.explode.IC2.miningPipeTip.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.explode.IC2.nuke.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Nuke
fe.protection.explode.IC2.reactorChamber.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.reinforcedDoorBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.reinforcedGlass.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.explode.IC2.reinforcedStone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.explode.IC2.resinBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Resin Sheet
fe.protection.explode.IC2.rubberLeaves.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.IC2.rubberSapling.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Tree Sapling
fe.protection.explode.IC2.rubberTrampoline.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Sheet
fe.protection.explode.IC2.rubberWood.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Wood
fe.protection.explode.IC2.scaffold.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Scaffold
fe.protection.explode.IC2.uraniumOre.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Uranium Ore
fe.protection.explode.IC2NuclearControl.NC-BRinfoFetch.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Monitor
fe.protection.explode.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmibisPeripherals.lanwire.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmibisPeripherals.peripherals.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.explode.JABBA.barrel.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Better Barrel
fe.protection.explode.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.simpleFrame.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame Carriage
fe.protection.explode.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_Carriage.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_Carriage.name
fe.protection.explode.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_CarriageDrive.*           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_CarriageDrive.name
fe.protection.explode.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_RailSpecter.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_RailSpecter.name
fe.protection.explode.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_Spectre.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_Spectre.name
fe.protection.explode.LogisticsPipes.logisticsPipeBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE LogisticsPipes Pipe Block
fe.protection.explode.LogisticsPipes.logisticsSolidBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.NetherOres.netherOresBlockHellfish.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.netherores.hellfish.name
fe.protection.explode.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.0.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.netherores.ore.0.name
fe.protection.explode.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.netherores.ore.1.name
fe.protection.explode.OCS.basicProximitySensor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Proximity Sensor
fe.protection.explode.OCS.gauge.*                                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Gauge
fe.protection.explode.OCS.sensor.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sensor
fe.protection.explode.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.common.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.powerconverters.common.name
fe.protection.explode.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.conduit.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.powerconverters.conduit.name
fe.protection.explode.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.ic2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.powerconverters.ic2.name
fe.protection.explode.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.rf.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.powerconverters.rf.name
fe.protection.explode.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.steam.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.powerconverters.steam.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.alchemical_chest.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemical Chest
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.collector_mk1.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Collector MK1
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.collector_mk2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Collector MK2
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.collector_mk3.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Collector MK3
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.condenser_mk1.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Condenser
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.condenser_mk2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Condenser MK2
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.dm_furnace.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.dm_furnace_lit.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.dm_pedestal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Matter Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.fuel_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pe_fuel_block.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.interdiction_torch.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.matter_block.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pe_matter_block.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.nova_cataclysm.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Nova Cataclysm
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.nova_catalyst.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nova Catalyst
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.relay_mk1.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Anti-Matter Relay MK1
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.relay_mk2.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Anti-Matter Relay MK2
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.relay_mk3.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Anti-Matter Relay MK3
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.rm_furnace.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.rm_furnace_lit.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.transmutation_table.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Transmutation Table
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.cube.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.detector.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Creosote
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.frame.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.glass.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.ore.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.post.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.signal.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.slab.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.stair.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.track.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator Track
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.explode.RedstoneArsenal.Storage.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.SolarFlux.solar1.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Solar panel I
fe.protection.explode.SolarFlux.solar2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Solar panel II
fe.protection.explode.SolarFlux.solar3.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Solar panel III
fe.protection.explode.SolarFlux.solar4.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Solar panel IV
fe.protection.explode.SolarFlux.solar5.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Solar panel V
fe.protection.explode.SolarFlux.solar6.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Solar panel VI
fe.protection.explode.Tubestuff.machine.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.Tubestuff.storage.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.additionalpipes.chunkLoader.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Teleport Tether
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.alloyfurnace.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Alloy Furnace
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.amethyst_block.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Amethyst Block
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.amethyst_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Amethyst Ore
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.auto_project_table.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Project Table
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.basalt.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.basalt_brick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt Brick
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.basalt_brick_small.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Basalt Bricks
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.basalt_cobble.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt Cobble
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.basalt_paver.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt Paver
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.basalt_tile.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt Tile
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.basaltbrick_cracked.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cracked Basalt Brick
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.block_breaker.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Breaker
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.buffer.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Buffer
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.circuit_database.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Circuit Database
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.circuit_table.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Circuit Table
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.copper_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Copper Block
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.copper_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Copper Ore
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.cracked_basalt_lava.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cracked Basalt
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.deployer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Deployer
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.ejector.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ejector
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.fancy_basalt.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Basalt Brick
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.fancy_marble.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Marble Brick
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.filter.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Filter
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.flax_crop.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Flax
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.igniter.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Igniter
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.indigo_flower.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Indigo Flower
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.item_detector.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Detector
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampRGB.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE RGB Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampblack.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampblue.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampbrown.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampcyan.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampgray.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampgreen.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedRGB.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted RGB Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedblack.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Black Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedblue.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Blue Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedbrown.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Brown Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedcyan.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedgray.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Gray Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedgreen.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Green Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_blue.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_gray.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedlime.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Lime Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedmagenta.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedorange.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Orange Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedpink.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Pink Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedpurple.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Purple Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedred.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Red Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedwhite.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted White Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampinvertedyellow.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lamplight_blue.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lamplight_gray.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lamplime.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampmagenta.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lamporange.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lamppink.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lamppurple.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampred.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampwhite.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE White Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.lampyellow.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.manager.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Manager
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.marble.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.marble_brick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Brick
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.marble_brick_small.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Marble Bricks
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.marble_paver.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Paver
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.marble_tile.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Tile
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.project_table.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Project Table
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.regulator.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Regulator
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.reinforced_sapphire_glass.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.relay.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Relay
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.retriever.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Retriever
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.ruby_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ruby Block
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.ruby_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ruby Ore
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.sapphire_block.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sapphire Block
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.sapphire_glass.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.sapphire_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.silver_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Silver Block
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.silver_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Silver Ore
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.sorting_machine.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sorting Machine
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.sortron.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sortron
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.teslatite_block.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Teslatite Block
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.teslatite_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Teslatite Ore
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.tiles.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt and Marble Tiles
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.transposer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Transposer
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.tungsten_block.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Tungsten Block
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.tungsten_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.zinc_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Zinc Block
fe.protection.explode.bluepower.zinc_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Zinc Ore
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.camera.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Camera
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.chatBox.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Chat Box
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.cipher.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cipher Block
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.colorfulLamp.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.detector.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector - Digital
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.digitalBox.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Digital Signal Receiver Box
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.ironNoteBlock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Note Block
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.locomotiveRelay.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.radar.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Radar
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.tapeReader.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tape Drive
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.ticketMachine.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.algae.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Algae
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.chainFence.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chainFence.name
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.chimney.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Chimney
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.corrosiveGas.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Corrosive Gas
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.deadAlgae.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dead Algae
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.deflector.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Deflector
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.deflectorBase.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Deflector Generator
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.emasher_direction_changer.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Direction Changer
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.emasher_frame.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Socket Frame
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.emasher_mini_portal.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluidic Nether Portal
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.emeryTile.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Emery Tile
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.energy_pipe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Pipe
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.fluid_pipe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.gasPocket.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Gas Pocket
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.groundLimestone.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ground Limestone
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.hemp.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Hemp.name
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.hydrogen.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Hydrogen
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.limestone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.machine.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Chassis
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.metal.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.e_metal.name
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.mixedDirt.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mixed Dirt
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.mixedSand.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mixed Sand
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.modular_socket.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Modular Socket
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.naturalGas.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Natural Gas
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.neurotoxin.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Deadly Neurotoxin
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.normalCube.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.normalCube.name
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.nutrientWater.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutrient Water
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.ore.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.e_ore.name
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.paintedPlanks.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.paintedPlanks.name
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.plasma.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Plasma
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.propellent.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Propellent
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.redSandstone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.sandbag.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandbags
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.shaleResource.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shaleResource.name
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.slickwater.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Slickwater
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.smoke.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Smoke
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.start_pipe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Universal Extractor
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.superAlgae.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Super Algae
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.tempRS.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Orb
fe.protection.explode.eng_toolbox.weaponizedGas.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Weaponized Gas
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE DNA Extractor
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mutatron
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid DNA
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mutagen
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Protein
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Activator Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.air.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Air
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.anvil.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Anvil
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.beacon.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Beacon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bed.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Bed
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedrock
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cactus.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cake.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cake
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carpet.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carrots.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrots
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chest.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.clay.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cocoa
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.command_block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dead Bush
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dirt.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dispenser
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dropper.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dropper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE End Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.farmland.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Farmland
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fire.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.furnace.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Booster Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.grass.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gravel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravel
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hay Bale
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hopper.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ice.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Jukebox
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ladder.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ladder
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lava.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lever.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log2.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Melon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mycelium
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Wart
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Note Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.planks.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.portal.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Potatoes
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.rail.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.reeds.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugar cane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sand.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sapling.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.skull.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sponge.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sponge
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tnt.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.torch.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.vine.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Vines
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.water.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.web.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobweb
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wheat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Crops
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wool.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.explode.powersuits.tile.luxCapacitor.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lux Capacitor
fe.protection.explode.powersuits.tile.tinkerTable.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Armor Tinker Table
fe.protection.explode.qmunitylib.qmunitylib.blocks.multipart.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.qmunitylib:multipart.name
fe.protection.explode.quiverchevsky.quiverchevsky_FenLight.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Fen Light.name
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.BatteryComputerPort.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Battery Computer Port
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.BatteryControler.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Battery Controller
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.BatteryElectrode.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Battery Electrode
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.BatteryGlass.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Battery Glass
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.BatteryPowerTap.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE  Battery Power Tap
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.BatteryWall.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Battery Wall
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.BlockGraphite.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Graphite
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.charcoalblock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.quarryfixerblock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Quarry Fixer
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.rfmeterblock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE RF Meter
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.sulfurblock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Sulfur
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.sulfurousacid.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sulfurous Acid
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.variableredstoneemitter.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Variable Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.interact.*                                                                         # (default: true) Allow interacting with blocks (button, chest, workbench)
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRDevice.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockBRDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRMetalBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brMetal.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRMultiblockCreativePart.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMBCreativePart.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRMultiblockGlass.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRReactorPart.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockReactorPart.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRReactorRedstonePort.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Redstone Port
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRTurbinePart.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTurbinePart.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRTurbineRotorPart.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTurbineRotorPart.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.YelloriteOre.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brOre.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.YelloriumFuelRod.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Yellorium Fuel Rod
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.tile.fluid.cyanite.still.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Cyanite
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.tile.fluid.yellorium.still.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Yellorium
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Architect Table
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Builder
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Construction Mark
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Filler
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Frame
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Electronic Library
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Quarry
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Land Mark
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Path Mark
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fuel
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Oil
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Workbench
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Chute
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Flood Gate
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Well
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Pipe
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pump
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Refinery
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tank
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Requester
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Zone Planner
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Laser
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Recipe Packager
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.interact.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-Cable.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Networking Cable
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-Computer.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Computer
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-Peripheral.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-Turtle.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleAdvanced.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleExpanded.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.command_computer.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Command Computer
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraftEdu.CC-TurtleJunior.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Beginner's Turtle
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleAntiBorder.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle border stop block
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleBorder.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle border block
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleBuildAllow.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle build allow block
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleBuildDisallow.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle build disallow block
fe.protection.interact.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.alveary.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.beehives.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.candle.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.core.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.engine.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.factory.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.factory2.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fences.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fences2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fences2.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fireproofLog1.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fireproofLog1.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fireproofLog2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fireproofLog2.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fireproofLog3.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fireproofLog3.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fireproofLog4.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fireproofLog4.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fireproofLog5.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fireproofLog5.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fireproofLog6.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fireproofLog6.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fireproofLog7.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fireproofLog7.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fireproofLog8.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fireproofLog8.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fireproofPlanks1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fireproofPlanks1.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fireproofPlanks2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fireproofPlanks2.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ethanol
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Biomass
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Glass
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Honey
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Crushed Ice
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fruit Juice
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Milk
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Seed Oil
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Short Mead
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.leaves.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.log1.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.log1.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.log2.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.log2.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.log3.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.log3.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.log4.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.log4.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.log5.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.log5.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.log6.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.log6.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.log7.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.log7.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.log8.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.log8.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.mail.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.planks.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.planks2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.planks2.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.pods.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.resources.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabs1.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs1.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabs2.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs2.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabs3.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs3.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabs4.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs4.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.soil.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.stained.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stained.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.stairs.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.stump.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.interact.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.Converter.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.activeLuminator.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Luminator
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.cableBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.constructionFoam.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Construction Foam
fe.protection.interact.IC2.constructionFoamWall.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockWall.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.crop.*                                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Crop
fe.protection.interact.IC2.dynamiteStick.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.dynamiteStickWithRemote.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.industrialTNT.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial TNT
fe.protection.interact.IC2.ironFence.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Fence
fe.protection.interact.IC2.ironScaffold.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Scaffold
fe.protection.interact.IC2.luminator.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Luminator
fe.protection.interact.IC2.miningPipe.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Pipe
fe.protection.interact.IC2.miningPipeTip.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Pipe
fe.protection.interact.IC2.nuke.*                                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Nuke
fe.protection.interact.IC2.reactorChamber.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.reinforcedDoorBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.reinforcedGlass.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.interact.IC2.reinforcedStone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.interact.IC2.resinBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Resin Sheet
fe.protection.interact.IC2.rubberLeaves.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.IC2.rubberSapling.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Tree Sapling
fe.protection.interact.IC2.rubberTrampoline.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Sheet
fe.protection.interact.IC2.rubberWood.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Wood
fe.protection.interact.IC2.scaffold.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Scaffold
fe.protection.interact.IC2.uraniumOre.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Uranium Ore
fe.protection.interact.IC2NuclearControl.NC-BRinfoFetch.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Monitor
fe.protection.interact.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmibisPeripherals.lanwire.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmibisPeripherals.peripherals.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.interact.JABBA.barrel.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Better Barrel
fe.protection.interact.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.simpleFrame.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Frame Carriage
fe.protection.interact.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_Carriage.*               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_Carriage.name
fe.protection.interact.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_CarriageDrive.*          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_CarriageDrive.name
fe.protection.interact.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_RailSpecter.*            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_RailSpecter.name
fe.protection.interact.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_Spectre.*                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_Spectre.name
fe.protection.interact.LogisticsPipes.logisticsPipeBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT LogisticsPipes Pipe Block
fe.protection.interact.LogisticsPipes.logisticsSolidBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.NetherOres.netherOresBlockHellfish.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.netherores.hellfish.name
fe.protection.interact.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.0.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.netherores.ore.0.name
fe.protection.interact.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.netherores.ore.1.name
fe.protection.interact.OCS.basicProximitySensor.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Proximity Sensor
fe.protection.interact.OCS.gauge.*                                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Gauge
fe.protection.interact.OCS.sensor.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sensor
fe.protection.interact.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.common.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.powerconverters.common.name
fe.protection.interact.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.conduit.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.powerconverters.conduit.name
fe.protection.interact.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.ic2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.powerconverters.ic2.name
fe.protection.interact.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.rf.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.powerconverters.rf.name
fe.protection.interact.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.steam.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.powerconverters.steam.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.alchemical_chest.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemical Chest
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.collector_mk1.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Collector MK1
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.collector_mk2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Collector MK2
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.collector_mk3.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Collector MK3
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.condenser_mk1.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Condenser
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.condenser_mk2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Condenser MK2
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.dm_furnace.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.dm_furnace_lit.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.dm_pedestal.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Matter Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.fuel_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pe_fuel_block.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.interdiction_torch.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.matter_block.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pe_matter_block.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.nova_cataclysm.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Nova Cataclysm
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.nova_catalyst.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nova Catalyst
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.relay_mk1.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Anti-Matter Relay MK1
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.relay_mk2.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Anti-Matter Relay MK2
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.relay_mk3.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Anti-Matter Relay MK3
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.rm_furnace.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.rm_furnace_lit.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.transmutation_table.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Transmutation Table
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.cube.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.detector.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Creosote
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Steam
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.frame.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.glass.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.ore.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.post.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.signal.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.slab.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.stair.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.track.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator Track
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.interact.RedstoneArsenal.Storage.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.SolarFlux.solar1.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Solar panel I
fe.protection.interact.SolarFlux.solar2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Solar panel II
fe.protection.interact.SolarFlux.solar3.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Solar panel III
fe.protection.interact.SolarFlux.solar4.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Solar panel IV
fe.protection.interact.SolarFlux.solar5.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Solar panel V
fe.protection.interact.SolarFlux.solar6.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Solar panel VI
fe.protection.interact.Tubestuff.machine.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.Tubestuff.storage.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.additionalpipes.chunkLoader.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Teleport Tether
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.alloyfurnace.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Alloy Furnace
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.amethyst_block.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Amethyst Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.amethyst_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Amethyst Ore
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.auto_project_table.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Project Table
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.basalt.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.basalt_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt Brick
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.basalt_brick_small.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Small Basalt Bricks
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.basalt_cobble.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt Cobble
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.basalt_paver.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt Paver
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.basalt_tile.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt Tile
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.basaltbrick_cracked.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked Basalt Brick
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.block_breaker.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block Breaker
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.buffer.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Buffer
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.circuit_database.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Circuit Database
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.circuit_table.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Circuit Table
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.copper_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Copper Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.copper_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Copper Ore
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.cracked_basalt_lava.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked Basalt
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.deployer.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Deployer
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.ejector.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ejector
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.fancy_basalt.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Basalt Brick
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.fancy_marble.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Marble Brick
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.filter.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Filter
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.flax_crop.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Flax
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.igniter.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Igniter
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.indigo_flower.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Indigo Flower
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.item_detector.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Item Detector
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampRGB.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT RGB Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampblack.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Black Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampblue.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampbrown.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampcyan.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampgray.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampgreen.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Green Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedRGB.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted RGB Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedblack.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Black Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedblue.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Blue Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedbrown.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Brown Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedcyan.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedgray.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Gray Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedgreen.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Green Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_blue.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_gray.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedlime.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Lime Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedmagenta.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedorange.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Orange Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedpink.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Pink Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedpurple.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Purple Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedred.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Red Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedwhite.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted White Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedyellow.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lamplight_blue.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lamplight_gray.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lamplime.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampmagenta.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lamporange.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lamppink.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lamppurple.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampred.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Red Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampwhite.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT White Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampyellow.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.manager.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Manager
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.marble.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.marble_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Brick
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.marble_brick_small.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Small Marble Bricks
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.marble_paver.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Paver
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.marble_tile.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Tile
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.project_table.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Project Table
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.regulator.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Regulator
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.reinforced_sapphire_glass.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.relay.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Relay
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.retriever.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Retriever
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.ruby_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ruby Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.ruby_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ruby Ore
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.sapphire_block.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Sapphire Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.sapphire_glass.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.sapphire_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.silver_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.silver_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Ore
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.sorting_machine.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sorting Machine
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.sortron.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sortron
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.teslatite_block.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Teslatite Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.teslatite_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Teslatite Ore
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.tiles.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt and Marble Tiles
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.transposer.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Transposer
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.tungsten_block.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tungsten Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.tungsten_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.zinc_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Zinc Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.zinc_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Zinc Ore
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.camera.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Camera
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.chatBox.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Chat Box
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.cipher.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cipher Block
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.colorfulLamp.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.detector.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Detector - Digital
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.digitalBox.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Digital Signal Receiver Box
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.ironNoteBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Note Block
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.locomotiveRelay.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.radar.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Radar
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.tapeReader.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tape Drive
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.ticketMachine.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ticket Machine
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.algae.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Algae
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.chainFence.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chainFence.name
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.chimney.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Chimney
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.corrosiveGas.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Corrosive Gas
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.deadAlgae.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dead Algae
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.deflector.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Deflector
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.deflectorBase.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Deflector Generator
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.emasher_direction_changer.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Direction Changer
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.emasher_frame.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Socket Frame
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.emasher_mini_portal.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fluidic Nether Portal
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.emeryTile.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Emery Tile
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.energy_pipe.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Pipe
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.fluid_pipe.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.gasPocket.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Gas Pocket
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.groundLimestone.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ground Limestone
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.hemp.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Hemp.name
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.hydrogen.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Hydrogen
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.limestone.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.machine.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Chassis
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.metal.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.e_metal.name
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.mixedDirt.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mixed Dirt
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.mixedSand.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mixed Sand
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.modular_socket.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Modular Socket
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.naturalGas.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Natural Gas
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.neurotoxin.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Deadly Neurotoxin
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.normalCube.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.normalCube.name
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.nutrientWater.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Nutrient Water
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.ore.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.e_ore.name
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.paintedPlanks.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.paintedPlanks.name
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.plasma.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Plasma
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.propellent.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Propellent
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.redSandstone.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.sandbag.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sandbags
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.shaleResource.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shaleResource.name
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.slickwater.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Slickwater
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.smoke.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Smoke
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.start_pipe.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Universal Extractor
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.superAlgae.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Super Algae
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.tempRS.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Orb
fe.protection.interact.eng_toolbox.weaponizedGas.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Weaponized Gas
fe.protection.interact.entity                                                                    # (default: true) Allow interacting with entities (villagers, dogs, horses)
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT DNA Extractor
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mutatron
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid DNA
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mutagen
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Protein
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Activator Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.air.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Air
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.anvil.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Anvil
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.beacon.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bed.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Bed
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cactus.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cake.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cake
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carpet.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carrots.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Carrots
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chest.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.clay.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cocoa
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.command_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dead Bush
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Detector Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Diamond
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dirt.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dispenser
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dragon Egg
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dropper.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dropper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Emerald
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT End Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.farmland.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Farmland
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fire.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.furnace.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Booster Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.grass.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gravel.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Gravel
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hay Bale
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hopper.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Hopper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ice.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Jukebox
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ladder.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lava.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lever.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log2.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Melon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Monster Spawner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mycelium
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Note Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.planks.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Planks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.portal.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Potatoes
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diode.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.rail.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Dust
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.reeds.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sugar cane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sand.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sand.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sapling.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.skull.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skull.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sponge.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sticky Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tnt.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT TNT
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.torch.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Trapped Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diode.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.vine.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Vines
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.water.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.web.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cobweb
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wheat.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Crops
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wool.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.interact.powersuits.tile.luxCapacitor.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lux Capacitor
fe.protection.interact.powersuits.tile.tinkerTable.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Power Armor Tinker Table
fe.protection.interact.qmunitylib.qmunitylib.blocks.multipart.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.qmunitylib:multipart.name
fe.protection.interact.quiverchevsky.quiverchevsky_FenLight.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Fen Light.name
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.BatteryComputerPort.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Battery Computer Port
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.BatteryControler.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Battery Controller
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.BatteryElectrode.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Battery Electrode
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.BatteryGlass.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Battery Glass
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.BatteryPowerTap.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT  Battery Power Tap
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.BatteryWall.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Battery Wall
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.BlockGraphite.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Graphite
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.charcoalblock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.quarryfixerblock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Quarry Fixer
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.rfmeterblock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT RF Meter
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.sulfurblock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Sulfur
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.sulfurousacid.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sulfurous Acid
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.variableredstoneemitter.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Variable Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.place.*                                                                            # (default: true) Allow placing blocks
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRDevice.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockBRDevice.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRMetalBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.brMetal.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRMultiblockCreativePart.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMBCreativePart.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRMultiblockGlass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.brMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRReactorPart.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockReactorPart.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRReactorRedstonePort.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Redstone Port
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRTurbinePart.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTurbinePart.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRTurbineRotorPart.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTurbineRotorPart.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.YelloriteOre.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.brOre.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.YelloriumFuelRod.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Yellorium Fuel Rod
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.tile.fluid.cyanite.still.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Cyanite
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.tile.fluid.yellorium.still.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Yellorium
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Architect Table
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Builder
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Construction Mark
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Filler
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Frame
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Electronic Library
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Quarry
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Land Mark
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Path Mark
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fuel
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Oil
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Auto Workbench
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chute
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Flood Gate
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mining Well
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pump
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Requester
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Zone Planner
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Laser
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Recipe Packager
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.place.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-Cable.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Networking Cable
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-Computer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Computer
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-Peripheral.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-Turtle.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleAdvanced.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleExpanded.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.command_computer.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Command Computer
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraftEdu.CC-TurtleJunior.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Beginner's Turtle
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleAntiBorder.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Turtle border stop block
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleBorder.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Turtle border block
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleBuildAllow.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Turtle build allow block
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleBuildDisallow.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Turtle build disallow block
fe.protection.place.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.alveary.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.beehives.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.candle.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.core.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.engine.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.factory.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.factory2.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fences.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fences2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences2.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fireproofLog1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog1.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fireproofLog2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog2.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fireproofLog3.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog3.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fireproofLog4.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog4.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fireproofLog5.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog5.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fireproofLog6.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog6.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fireproofLog7.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog7.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fireproofLog8.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog8.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fireproofPlanks1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofPlanks1.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fireproofPlanks2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofPlanks2.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ethanol
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Biomass
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Glass
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Crushed Ice
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Juice
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Seed Oil
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Short Mead
fe.protection.place.Forestry.leaves.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.log1.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log1.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.log2.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log2.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.log3.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log3.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.log4.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log4.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.log5.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log5.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.log6.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log6.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.log7.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log7.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.log8.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log8.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.mail.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.planks.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.planks2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks2.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.pods.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.resources.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabs1.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs1.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabs2.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs2.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabs3.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs3.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabs4.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs4.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.soil.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.stained.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stained.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.stairs.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.stump.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.place.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.Converter.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.activeLuminator.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Luminator
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.cableBlock.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.constructionFoam.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Construction Foam
fe.protection.place.IC2.constructionFoamWall.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWall.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.crop.*                                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crop
fe.protection.place.IC2.dynamiteStick.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.dynamiteStickWithRemote.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.industrialTNT.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Industrial TNT
fe.protection.place.IC2.ironFence.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Iron Fence
fe.protection.place.IC2.ironScaffold.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Iron Scaffold
fe.protection.place.IC2.luminator.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Luminator
fe.protection.place.IC2.miningPipe.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.place.IC2.miningPipeTip.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.place.IC2.nuke.*                                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nuke
fe.protection.place.IC2.reactorChamber.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.reinforcedDoorBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.reinforcedGlass.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.place.IC2.reinforcedStone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.place.IC2.resinBlock.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Resin Sheet
fe.protection.place.IC2.rubberLeaves.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.IC2.rubberSapling.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Tree Sapling
fe.protection.place.IC2.rubberTrampoline.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Sheet
fe.protection.place.IC2.rubberWood.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Wood
fe.protection.place.IC2.scaffold.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Scaffold
fe.protection.place.IC2.uraniumOre.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Uranium Ore
fe.protection.place.IC2NuclearControl.NC-BRinfoFetch.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Monitor
fe.protection.place.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ImmibisPeripherals.lanwire.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ImmibisPeripherals.peripherals.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.place.JABBA.barrel.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Better Barrel
fe.protection.place.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.simpleFrame.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Frame Carriage
fe.protection.place.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_Carriage.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_Carriage.name
fe.protection.place.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_CarriageDrive.*             # (default: true) PLACE tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_CarriageDrive.name
fe.protection.place.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_RailSpecter.*               # (default: true) PLACE tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_RailSpecter.name
fe.protection.place.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_Spectre.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_Spectre.name
fe.protection.place.LogisticsPipes.logisticsPipeBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE LogisticsPipes Pipe Block
fe.protection.place.LogisticsPipes.logisticsSolidBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.NetherOres.netherOresBlockHellfish.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherores.hellfish.name
fe.protection.place.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherores.ore.0.name
fe.protection.place.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherores.ore.1.name
fe.protection.place.OCS.basicProximitySensor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Proximity Sensor
fe.protection.place.OCS.gauge.*                                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gauge
fe.protection.place.OCS.sensor.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sensor
fe.protection.place.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.common.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.powerconverters.common.name
fe.protection.place.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.conduit.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.powerconverters.conduit.name
fe.protection.place.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.ic2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.powerconverters.ic2.name
fe.protection.place.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.rf.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.powerconverters.rf.name
fe.protection.place.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.steam.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.powerconverters.steam.name
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.alchemical_chest.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Alchemical Chest
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.collector_mk1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Energy Collector MK1
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.collector_mk2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Energy Collector MK2
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.collector_mk3.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Energy Collector MK3
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.condenser_mk1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Energy Condenser
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.condenser_mk2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Energy Condenser MK2
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.dm_furnace.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.dm_furnace_lit.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.dm_pedestal.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dark Matter Pedestal
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.fuel_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pe_fuel_block.name
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.interdiction_torch.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.matter_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pe_matter_block.name
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.nova_cataclysm.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nova Cataclysm
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.nova_catalyst.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nova Catalyst
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.relay_mk1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Anti-Matter Relay MK1
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.relay_mk2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Anti-Matter Relay MK2
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.relay_mk3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Anti-Matter Relay MK3
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.rm_furnace.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.rm_furnace_lit.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.transmutation_table.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Transmutation Table
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.cube.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.detector.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Creosote
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.frame.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.glass.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.ore.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.post.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.signal.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.slab.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.stair.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.track.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Track
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.place.RedstoneArsenal.Storage.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.place.SolarFlux.solar1.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Solar panel I
fe.protection.place.SolarFlux.solar2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Solar panel II
fe.protection.place.SolarFlux.solar3.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Solar panel III
fe.protection.place.SolarFlux.solar4.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Solar panel IV
fe.protection.place.SolarFlux.solar5.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Solar panel V
fe.protection.place.SolarFlux.solar6.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Solar panel VI
fe.protection.place.Tubestuff.machine.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.Tubestuff.storage.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.additionalpipes.chunkLoader.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Teleport Tether
fe.protection.place.bluepower.alloyfurnace.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Alloy Furnace
fe.protection.place.bluepower.amethyst_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.amethyst_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Ore
fe.protection.place.bluepower.auto_project_table.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Auto Project Table
fe.protection.place.bluepower.basalt.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.place.bluepower.basalt_brick.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Basalt Brick
fe.protection.place.bluepower.basalt_brick_small.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Small Basalt Bricks
fe.protection.place.bluepower.basalt_cobble.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Basalt Cobble
fe.protection.place.bluepower.basalt_paver.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Basalt Paver
fe.protection.place.bluepower.basalt_tile.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Basalt Tile
fe.protection.place.bluepower.basaltbrick_cracked.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Basalt Brick
fe.protection.place.bluepower.block_breaker.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block Breaker
fe.protection.place.bluepower.buffer.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Buffer
fe.protection.place.bluepower.circuit_database.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Circuit Database
fe.protection.place.bluepower.circuit_table.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Circuit Table
fe.protection.place.bluepower.copper_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Copper Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.copper_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Copper Ore
fe.protection.place.bluepower.cracked_basalt_lava.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Basalt
fe.protection.place.bluepower.deployer.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Deployer
fe.protection.place.bluepower.ejector.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ejector
fe.protection.place.bluepower.fancy_basalt.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Basalt Brick
fe.protection.place.bluepower.fancy_marble.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Marble Brick
fe.protection.place.bluepower.filter.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Filter
fe.protection.place.bluepower.flax_crop.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Flax
fe.protection.place.bluepower.igniter.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Igniter
fe.protection.place.bluepower.indigo_flower.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Indigo Flower
fe.protection.place.bluepower.item_detector.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Item Detector
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampRGB.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE RGB Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampblack.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Black Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampblue.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Blue Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampbrown.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Brown Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampcyan.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampgray.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gray Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampgreen.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Green Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedRGB.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Inverted RGB Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedblack.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Black Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedblue.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Blue Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedbrown.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Brown Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedcyan.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedgray.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Gray Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedgreen.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Green Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_blue.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_gray.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedlime.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Lime Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedmagenta.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedorange.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Orange Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedpink.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Pink Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedpurple.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Purple Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedred.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Red Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedwhite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Inverted White Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedyellow.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lamplight_blue.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lamplight_gray.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lamplime.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lime Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampmagenta.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lamporange.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Orange Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lamppink.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pink Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lamppurple.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Purple Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampred.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Red Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampwhite.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE White Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampyellow.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.manager.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Manager
fe.protection.place.bluepower.marble.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.bluepower.marble_brick.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Marble Brick
fe.protection.place.bluepower.marble_brick_small.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Small Marble Bricks
fe.protection.place.bluepower.marble_paver.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Marble Paver
fe.protection.place.bluepower.marble_tile.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Tile
fe.protection.place.bluepower.project_table.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Project Table
fe.protection.place.bluepower.regulator.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Regulator
fe.protection.place.bluepower.reinforced_sapphire_glass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.place.bluepower.relay.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Relay
fe.protection.place.bluepower.retriever.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Retriever
fe.protection.place.bluepower.ruby_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.ruby_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Ore
fe.protection.place.bluepower.sapphire_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.sapphire_glass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.place.bluepower.sapphire_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.place.bluepower.silver_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Silver Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.silver_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Silver Ore
fe.protection.place.bluepower.sorting_machine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sorting Machine
fe.protection.place.bluepower.sortron.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sortron
fe.protection.place.bluepower.teslatite_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Teslatite Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.teslatite_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Teslatite Ore
fe.protection.place.bluepower.tiles.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Basalt and Marble Tiles
fe.protection.place.bluepower.transposer.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Transposer
fe.protection.place.bluepower.tungsten_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tungsten Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.tungsten_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.place.bluepower.zinc_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Zinc Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.zinc_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Zinc Ore
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.camera.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Camera
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.chatBox.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Chat Box
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.cipher.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cipher Block
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.colorfulLamp.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.detector.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Detector - Digital
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.digitalBox.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Digital Signal Receiver Box
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.ironNoteBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Iron Note Block
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.locomotiveRelay.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.radar.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Radar
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.tapeReader.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tape Drive
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.ticketMachine.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.algae.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Algae
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.chainFence.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.chainFence.name
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.chimney.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Chimney
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.corrosiveGas.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Corrosive Gas
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.deadAlgae.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dead Algae
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.deflector.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Deflector
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.deflectorBase.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Deflector Generator
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.emasher_direction_changer.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Direction Changer
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.emasher_frame.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Socket Frame
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.emasher_mini_portal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fluidic Nether Portal
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.emeryTile.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Emery Tile
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.energy_pipe.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Flux Pipe
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.fluid_pipe.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.gasPocket.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gas Pocket
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.groundLimestone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ground Limestone
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.hemp.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.Hemp.name
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.hydrogen.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hydrogen
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.limestone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.machine.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Machine Chassis
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.metal.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.e_metal.name
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.mixedDirt.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mixed Dirt
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.mixedSand.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mixed Sand
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.modular_socket.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Modular Socket
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.naturalGas.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Natural Gas
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.neurotoxin.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Deadly Neurotoxin
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.normalCube.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.normalCube.name
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.nutrientWater.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nutrient Water
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.ore.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.e_ore.name
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.paintedPlanks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.paintedPlanks.name
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.plasma.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Nether Plasma
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.propellent.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Propellent
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.redSandstone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.sandbag.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sandbags
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.shaleResource.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.shaleResource.name
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.slickwater.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Slickwater
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.smoke.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Smoke
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.start_pipe.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Universal Extractor
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.superAlgae.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Super Algae
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.tempRS.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Orb
fe.protection.place.eng_toolbox.weaponizedGas.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Weaponized Gas
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE DNA Extractor
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.place.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.place.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mutatron
fe.protection.place.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.place.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Liquid DNA
fe.protection.place.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen
fe.protection.place.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Protein
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Activator Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.air.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Air
fe.protection.place.minecraft.anvil.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.place.minecraft.beacon.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bed.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bed
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cactus.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cake.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carpet.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carrots.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chest.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.clay.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.place.minecraft.command_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.place.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Detector Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dirt.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dropper.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.farmland.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fire.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.furnace.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Booster Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.grass.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gravel.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.place.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hopper.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ice.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ladder.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lava.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lever.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log2.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.place.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.planks.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.portal.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.rail.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.place.minecraft.reeds.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sand.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sapling.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.skull.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sponge.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tnt.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.place.minecraft.torch.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.vine.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.water.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.minecraft.web.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wheat.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wool.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.place.powersuits.tile.luxCapacitor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lux Capacitor
fe.protection.place.powersuits.tile.tinkerTable.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Power Armor Tinker Table
fe.protection.place.qmunitylib.qmunitylib.blocks.multipart.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.qmunitylib:multipart.name
fe.protection.place.quiverchevsky.quiverchevsky_FenLight.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Fen Light.name
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.BatteryComputerPort.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Battery Computer Port
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.BatteryControler.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Battery Controller
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.BatteryElectrode.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Battery Electrode
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.BatteryGlass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Battery Glass
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.BatteryPowerTap.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE  Battery Power Tap
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.BatteryWall.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Battery Wall
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.BlockGraphite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Graphite
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.charcoalblock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.quarryfixerblock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Quarry Fixer
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.rfmeterblock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE RF Meter
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.sulfurblock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Sulfur
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.sulfurousacid.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sulfurous Acid
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.variableredstoneemitter.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Variable Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.trample.*                                                                          # (default: true) Allow trampling on blocks
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.BRDevice.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockBRDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.BRMetalBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.brMetal.name
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.BRMultiblockCreativePart.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMBCreativePart.name
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.BRMultiblockGlass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.brMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.BRReactorPart.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockReactorPart.name
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.BRReactorRedstonePort.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Redstone Port
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.BRTurbinePart.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTurbinePart.name
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.BRTurbineRotorPart.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTurbineRotorPart.name
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.YelloriteOre.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.brOre.name
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.YelloriumFuelRod.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Yellorium Fuel Rod
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.tile.fluid.cyanite.still.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Cyanite
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.tile.fluid.yellorium.still.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Yellorium
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Architect Table
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Builder
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Construction Mark
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Filler
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Frame
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Electronic Library
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Quarry
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Land Mark
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Path Mark
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fuel
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Oil
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Auto Workbench
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Chute
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Flood Gate
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mining Well
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pump
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Requester
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Zone Planner
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Laser
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Recipe Packager
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.trample.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraft.CC-Cable.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Networking Cable
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraft.CC-Computer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Computer
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraft.CC-Peripheral.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraft.CC-Turtle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleAdvanced.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleExpanded.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraft.command_computer.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Command Computer
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraftEdu.CC-TurtleJunior.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Beginner's Turtle
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleAntiBorder.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Turtle border stop block
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleBorder.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Turtle border block
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleBuildAllow.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Turtle build allow block
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleBuildDisallow.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Turtle build disallow block
fe.protection.trample.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.alveary.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.beehives.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.candle.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.core.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.engine.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.factory.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.factory2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fences.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fences2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences2.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fireproofLog1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog1.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fireproofLog2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog2.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fireproofLog3.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog3.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fireproofLog4.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog4.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fireproofLog5.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog5.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fireproofLog6.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog6.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fireproofLog7.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog7.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fireproofLog8.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog8.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fireproofPlanks1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofPlanks1.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fireproofPlanks2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofPlanks2.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ethanol
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Biomass
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Glass
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Crushed Ice
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Juice
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Seed Oil
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Short Mead
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.log1.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log1.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.log2.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log2.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.log3.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log3.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.log4.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log4.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.log5.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log5.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.log6.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log6.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.log7.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log7.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.log8.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log8.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.mail.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.planks.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.planks2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks2.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.pods.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.resources.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.slabs1.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs1.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.slabs2.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs2.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.slabs3.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs3.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.slabs4.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs4.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.soil.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.stained.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stained.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.stairs.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.stump.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.trample.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.Converter.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.activeLuminator.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Luminator
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.cableBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.constructionFoam.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Construction Foam
fe.protection.trample.IC2.constructionFoamWall.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWall.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.crop.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Crop
fe.protection.trample.IC2.dynamiteStick.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.dynamiteStickWithRemote.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.industrialTNT.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Industrial TNT
fe.protection.trample.IC2.ironFence.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Fence
fe.protection.trample.IC2.ironScaffold.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Scaffold
fe.protection.trample.IC2.luminator.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Luminator
fe.protection.trample.IC2.miningPipe.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.trample.IC2.miningPipeTip.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.trample.IC2.nuke.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Nuke
fe.protection.trample.IC2.reactorChamber.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.reinforcedDoorBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.reinforcedGlass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.trample.IC2.reinforcedStone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.trample.IC2.resinBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Resin Sheet
fe.protection.trample.IC2.rubberLeaves.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.IC2.rubberSapling.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Tree Sapling
fe.protection.trample.IC2.rubberTrampoline.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Sheet
fe.protection.trample.IC2.rubberWood.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Wood
fe.protection.trample.IC2.scaffold.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Scaffold
fe.protection.trample.IC2.uraniumOre.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Uranium Ore
fe.protection.trample.IC2NuclearControl.NC-BRinfoFetch.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Monitor
fe.protection.trample.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmibisPeripherals.lanwire.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmibisPeripherals.peripherals.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.trample.JABBA.barrel.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Better Barrel
fe.protection.trample.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.simpleFrame.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Frame Carriage
fe.protection.trample.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_Carriage.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_Carriage.name
fe.protection.trample.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_CarriageDrive.*           # (default: true) PLACE tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_CarriageDrive.name
fe.protection.trample.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_RailSpecter.*             # (default: true) PLACE tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_RailSpecter.name
fe.protection.trample.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_Spectre.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_Spectre.name
fe.protection.trample.LogisticsPipes.logisticsPipeBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE LogisticsPipes Pipe Block
fe.protection.trample.LogisticsPipes.logisticsSolidBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.NetherOres.netherOresBlockHellfish.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherores.hellfish.name
fe.protection.trample.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherores.ore.0.name
fe.protection.trample.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherores.ore.1.name
fe.protection.trample.OCS.basicProximitySensor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Proximity Sensor
fe.protection.trample.OCS.gauge.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Gauge
fe.protection.trample.OCS.sensor.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sensor
fe.protection.trample.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.common.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.powerconverters.common.name
fe.protection.trample.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.conduit.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.powerconverters.conduit.name
fe.protection.trample.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.ic2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.powerconverters.ic2.name
fe.protection.trample.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.rf.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.powerconverters.rf.name
fe.protection.trample.PowerConverters3.powerconverters.steam.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.powerconverters.steam.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.alchemical_chest.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Alchemical Chest
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.collector_mk1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Energy Collector MK1
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.collector_mk2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Energy Collector MK2
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.collector_mk3.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Energy Collector MK3
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.condenser_mk1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Energy Condenser
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.condenser_mk2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Energy Condenser MK2
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.dm_furnace.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.dm_furnace_lit.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.dm_pedestal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dark Matter Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.fuel_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pe_fuel_block.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.interdiction_torch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.matter_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pe_matter_block.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.nova_cataclysm.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nova Cataclysm
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.nova_catalyst.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nova Catalyst
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.relay_mk1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Anti-Matter Relay MK1
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.relay_mk2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Anti-Matter Relay MK2
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.relay_mk3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Anti-Matter Relay MK3
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.rm_furnace.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.rm_furnace_lit.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.transmutation_table.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Transmutation Table
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.cube.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.detector.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Creosote
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.frame.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.glass.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.ore.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.post.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.signal.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.slab.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.stair.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.track.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Track
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.trample.RedstoneArsenal.Storage.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.SolarFlux.solar1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Solar panel I
fe.protection.trample.SolarFlux.solar2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Solar panel II
fe.protection.trample.SolarFlux.solar3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Solar panel III
fe.protection.trample.SolarFlux.solar4.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Solar panel IV
fe.protection.trample.SolarFlux.solar5.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Solar panel V
fe.protection.trample.SolarFlux.solar6.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Solar panel VI
fe.protection.trample.Tubestuff.machine.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.Tubestuff.storage.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.additionalpipes.chunkLoader.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Teleport Tether
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.alloyfurnace.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Alloy Furnace
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.amethyst_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Block
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.amethyst_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Ore
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.auto_project_table.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Auto Project Table
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.basalt.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.basalt_brick.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Basalt Brick
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.basalt_brick_small.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Small Basalt Bricks
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.basalt_cobble.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Basalt Cobble
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.basalt_paver.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Basalt Paver
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.basalt_tile.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Basalt Tile
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.basaltbrick_cracked.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Basalt Brick
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.block_breaker.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block Breaker
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.buffer.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Buffer
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.circuit_database.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Circuit Database
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.circuit_table.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Circuit Table
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.copper_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Copper Block
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.copper_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Copper Ore
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.cracked_basalt_lava.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Basalt
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.deployer.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Deployer
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.ejector.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ejector
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.fancy_basalt.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Basalt Brick
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.fancy_marble.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Marble Brick
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.filter.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Filter
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.flax_crop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Flax
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.igniter.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Igniter
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.indigo_flower.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Indigo Flower
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.item_detector.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Item Detector
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampRGB.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE RGB Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampblack.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Black Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampblue.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Blue Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampbrown.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Brown Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampcyan.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampgray.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gray Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampgreen.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Green Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampinvertedRGB.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Inverted RGB Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampinvertedblack.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Black Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampinvertedblue.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Blue Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampinvertedbrown.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Brown Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampinvertedcyan.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampinvertedgray.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Gray Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampinvertedgreen.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Green Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_blue.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_gray.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampinvertedlime.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Lime Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampinvertedmagenta.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampinvertedorange.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Orange Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampinvertedpink.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Pink Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampinvertedpurple.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Purple Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampinvertedred.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Red Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampinvertedwhite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Inverted White Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampinvertedyellow.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lamplight_blue.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lamplight_gray.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lamplime.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lime Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampmagenta.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lamporange.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Orange Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lamppink.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pink Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lamppurple.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Purple Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampred.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Red Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampwhite.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE White Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.lampyellow.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.manager.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Manager
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.marble.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.marble_brick.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Marble Brick
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.marble_brick_small.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Small Marble Bricks
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.marble_paver.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Marble Paver
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.marble_tile.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Tile
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.project_table.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Project Table
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.regulator.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Regulator
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.reinforced_sapphire_glass.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.relay.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Relay
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.retriever.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Retriever
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.ruby_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Block
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.ruby_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Ore
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.sapphire_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Block
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.sapphire_glass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.sapphire_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.silver_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Silver Block
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.silver_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Silver Ore
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.sorting_machine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sorting Machine
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.sortron.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sortron
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.teslatite_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Teslatite Block
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.teslatite_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Teslatite Ore
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.tiles.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Basalt and Marble Tiles
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.transposer.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Transposer
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.tungsten_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tungsten Block
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.tungsten_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.zinc_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Zinc Block
fe.protection.trample.bluepower.zinc_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Zinc Ore
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.camera.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Camera
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.chatBox.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Chat Box
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.cipher.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cipher Block
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.colorfulLamp.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.detector.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Detector - Digital
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.digitalBox.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Digital Signal Receiver Box
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.ironNoteBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Iron Note Block
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.locomotiveRelay.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.radar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Radar
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.tapeReader.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tape Drive
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.ticketMachine.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.algae.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Algae
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.chainFence.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.chainFence.name
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.chimney.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Chimney
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.corrosiveGas.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Corrosive Gas
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.deadAlgae.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dead Algae
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.deflector.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Deflector
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.deflectorBase.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Deflector Generator
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.emasher_direction_changer.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Direction Changer
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.emasher_frame.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Socket Frame
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.emasher_mini_portal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fluidic Nether Portal
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.emeryTile.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Emery Tile
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.energy_pipe.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Flux Pipe
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.fluid_pipe.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.gasPocket.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gas Pocket
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.groundLimestone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ground Limestone
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.hemp.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.Hemp.name
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.hydrogen.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hydrogen
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.limestone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.machine.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Machine Chassis
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.metal.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.e_metal.name
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.mixedDirt.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mixed Dirt
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.mixedSand.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mixed Sand
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.modular_socket.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Modular Socket
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.naturalGas.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Natural Gas
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.neurotoxin.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Deadly Neurotoxin
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.normalCube.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.normalCube.name
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.nutrientWater.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Nutrient Water
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.ore.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.e_ore.name
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.paintedPlanks.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.paintedPlanks.name
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.plasma.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Plasma
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.propellent.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Propellent
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.redSandstone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.sandbag.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sandbags
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.shaleResource.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.shaleResource.name
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.slickwater.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Slickwater
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.smoke.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Smoke
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.start_pipe.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Universal Extractor
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.superAlgae.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Super Algae
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.tempRS.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Orb
fe.protection.trample.eng_toolbox.weaponizedGas.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Weaponized Gas
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE DNA Extractor
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mutatron
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Liquid DNA
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Protein
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Activator Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.air.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Air
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.anvil.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.beacon.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bed.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bed
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cactus.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cake.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carpet.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carrots.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chest.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.clay.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.command_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Detector Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dirt.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dropper.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.farmland.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fire.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.furnace.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Booster Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.grass.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gravel.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hopper.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ice.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ladder.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lava.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lever.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.planks.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.portal.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.rail.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.reeds.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sand.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sapling.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.skull.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sponge.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tnt.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.torch.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.vine.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.water.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.web.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wheat.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wool.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.trample.powersuits.tile.luxCapacitor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lux Capacitor
fe.protection.trample.powersuits.tile.tinkerTable.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Power Armor Tinker Table
fe.protection.trample.qmunitylib.qmunitylib.blocks.multipart.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.qmunitylib:multipart.name
fe.protection.trample.quiverchevsky.quiverchevsky_FenLight.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.Fen Light.name
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.BatteryComputerPort.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Battery Computer Port
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.BatteryControler.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Battery Controller
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.BatteryElectrode.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Battery Electrode
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.BatteryGlass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Battery Glass
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.BatteryPowerTap.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE  Battery Power Tap
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.BatteryWall.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Battery Wall
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.BlockGraphite.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Graphite
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.charcoalblock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.quarryfixerblock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Quarry Fixer
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.rfmeterblock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE RF Meter
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.sulfurblock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Sulfur
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.sulfurousacid.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sulfurous Acid
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.variableredstoneemitter.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Variable Redstone Emitter
