#// --------- PERMISSIONS LIST ITEMS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 17.03 17:32 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 10089 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.craft.*                                                                            # (default: true) Allow crafting of items. Not necessarily works with modded crafting tables
fe.protection.craft.BigReactors.BRDebugTool.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT BeefTronicâ„¢ Diagnostics Tool
fe.protection.craft.BigReactors.BRIngot.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Yellorium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.BigReactors.bucketCyanite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Cyanite Bucket
fe.protection.craft.BigReactors.bucketYellorium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Yellorium Bucket
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Builders.blueprintItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blueprint
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Builders.templateItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Template
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Compat.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemspropolis.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.debugger.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Debugger
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.diamondGearItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Gear
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.goldGearItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Gear
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.ironGearItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Gear
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.list.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT List
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.mapLocation.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Map Location
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.paintbrush.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Paintbrush
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.stoneGearItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Gear
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.woodenGearItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Gear
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.wrenchItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wrench
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketFuel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketOil.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Oil Bucket
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Robotics.redstone_board.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Board
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Robotics.robot.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Robot
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Robotics.robotStation.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Docking Station
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Silicon.package.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Package
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneChipset.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Chipset
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Crystal
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.gateCopier.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gate Copier
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsclay.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidscobblestone.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Cobblestone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsdiamond.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsemerald.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsgold.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsiron.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsquartz.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidssandstone.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Sandstone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsstone.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsvoid.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Void Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidswood.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsclay.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemscobblestone.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Cobblestone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdaizuli.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Daizuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdiamond.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemerald.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemzuli.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Emzuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsgold.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsiron.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemslapis.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Lazuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsobsidian.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsquartz.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemssandstone.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Sandstone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstone.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstripes.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Stripes Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsvoid.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Void Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemswood.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowercobblestone.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Cobblestone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerdiamond.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweremerald.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowergold.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweriron.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerquartz.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowersandstone.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Sandstone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerstone.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerwood.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipestructurecobblestone.*          # (default: true) CRAFT Cobblestone Structure Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeFacade.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Facade: CORRUPT
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeGate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Gate
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeLens.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lens (Black)
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePlug.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pipe Plug
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePowerAdapter.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Power Adapter
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWaterproof.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pipe Sealant
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWire.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Red Pipe Wire
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraft.disk.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Floppy Disk
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraft.diskExpanded.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Floppy Disk
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraft.pocketComputer.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pocket Computer
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraft.printout.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Printed Page
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraft.treasureDisk.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Floppy Disk
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.and.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT And
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.attack.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Attack
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.attackDown.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Attack Down
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.attackUp.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Attack Up
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.block.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Block Name
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.break.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Break
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.comment.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Comment
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.compare.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Compare
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.compareDown.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Compare Down
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.compareUp.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Compare Up
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.detect.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Detect
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.detectDown.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Detect Down
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.detectUp.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Detect Up
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.dig.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dig
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.digDown.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Dig Down
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.digUp.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dig Up
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.dividedBy.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Divided By
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.do.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Do
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.drop.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Drop Items
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.dropDown.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Drop Items Down
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.dropUp.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Drop Items Up
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.else.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Else
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.elseIf.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Else If
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.end.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT End
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.equalTo.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Equals
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.equipLeft.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Swap Left Tool
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.equipRight.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Swap Right Tool
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.exportedProgramDisk.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Program Disk
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.false.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT False
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.for.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT For
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.getItemCount.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Item Count
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.greaterThan.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Is Greater Than
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.greaterThanOrEqualTo.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Is Greater Than Or Equal To
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.if.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT If
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.inspect.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Inspect Block
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.inspectDown.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Inspect Block Below
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.inspectSlot.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Inspect Item
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.inspectUp.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Inspect Block Above
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.item.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Item Name
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.lessThan.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Is Less Than
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.lessThanOrEqualTo.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Is Less Than Or Equal To
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.minus.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Minus
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.moveBack.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Move Back
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.moveDown.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Move Down
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.moveForward.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Move Forward
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.moveUp.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Move Up
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.not.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Not
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.notEqualTo.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Does Not Equal
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.number.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Number
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.or.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Or
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.place.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Place
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.placeDown.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Place Down
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.placeUp.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Place Up
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.plus.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Plus
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.programDisk.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Run Program
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.queryRedstone.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Detect Redstone
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.queryRedstoneDown.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Detect Redstone Down
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.queryRedstoneUp.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Detect Redstone Up
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.random.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Random Boolean
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.randomNumber.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Random Number:
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.repeat.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Repeat
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.say.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Say:
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.select.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Select Slot:
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.setRedstone.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Set Redstone:
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.setRedstoneDown.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Set Redstone Down:
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.setRedstoneUp.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Set Redstone Up:
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.string.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT String
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.suck.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Take Items
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.suckDown.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Take Items From Below
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.suckUp.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Take Items From Above
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.then.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Then
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.times.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Multiplied By
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.to.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT To
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.true.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT True
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.turnLeft.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Turn Left
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.turnRight.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Turn Right
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleRemote.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Turtle Remote Control
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.variable.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Variable
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraftEdu.while.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT While
fe.protection.craft.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pouch
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.adventurerBag.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Adventurer's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.adventurerBagT2.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Adventurer's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.ambrosia.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ambrosia
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apatite.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Apatite
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apiaristBag.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apiaristBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Shoes
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apiaristChest.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Shirt
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apiaristHelmet.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Hat
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apiaristLegs.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Pants
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.ash.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ash
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beeCombs.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Comb
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beeDroneGE.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.for.beeDroneGE.name
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beeLarvaeGE.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.for.beeLarvaeGE.name
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beePrincessGE.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Princess
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beeQueenGE.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Queen
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beealyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Beealyzer
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beeswax.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Beeswax
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beverage.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Short Mead
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bituminousPeat.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bituminous Peat
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.brokenBronzePickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Broken Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.brokenBronzeShovel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Broken Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bronzePickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Survivalist's Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bronzeShovel.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Survivalist's Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketBiomass.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Biomass Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketEthanol.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ethanol Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketGlass.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Glass Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketHoney.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketIce.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Ice Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketJuice.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Juice Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketSeedoil.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Oil Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketShortMead.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Short Mead Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.builderBag.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Builder's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.builderBagT2.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Builder's WovenBackpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.butterflyGE.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT ???
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canBiomass.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Biomass Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canEmpty.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canEthanol.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ethanol Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canFuel.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canHoney.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canIce.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canJuice.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Juice Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canLava.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canOil.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Oil Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canSeedOil.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Oil Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canWater.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Water Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.carton.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Carton
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.catalogue.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Catalogue
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.caterpillarGE.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT ???
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.chipsets.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Circuit Board
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.craftingMaterial.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pulsating Dust
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.crate.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crate
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedAcaciaSapling.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedAcaciaWood.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedApatite.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedApples.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedAsh.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBeeswax.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBirchSapling.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBirchWood.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBogearth.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBrass.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBronze.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCacti.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCarrots.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCharcoal.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCherry.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedChestnut.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedClay.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCoal.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCobblestone.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCocoaComb.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCookies.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCopper.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedDarkOakSapling.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedDarkOakWood.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedDates.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedDirt.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedDrippingCombs.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedFertilizer.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedFrozenCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedGlowstone.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedGravel.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedHoneycombs.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedHoneydew.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedHumus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedJungleSapling.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedJungleWood.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedLapis.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedLemon.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedMellowCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedMossyCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedMulch.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedMycelium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedMysteriousCombs.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNetherbrick.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNetherrack.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNetherwart.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedObsidian.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPapaya.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedParchedCombs.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPeat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPhosphor.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPlum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPodzol.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPollen.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPotatoes.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPowderyCombs.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPropolis.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedRedSand.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedRedstone.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedReeds.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedRefractoryWax.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedResin.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedRoyalJelly.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedRubber.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSand.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSandstone.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSaplings.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedScrap.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSeeds.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSilkyCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSilver.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSimmeringCombs.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSoulsand.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSpruceSapling.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSpruceWood.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedStone.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedStringyCombs.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedTin.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedUUM.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedWalnut.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedWheat.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedWheatenCombs.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedWood.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.decayingWheat.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Decaying Wheat
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.diggerBag.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Digger's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.diggerBagT2.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Digger's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.fertilizerBio.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Compost
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.fertilizerCompound.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fertilizer
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.flutterlyzer.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Flutterlyzer
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.foresterBag.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Forester's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.foresterBagT2.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Forester's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.frameImpregnated.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Impregnated Frame
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.frameProven.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Proven Frame
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.frameUntreated.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Untreated Frame
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.fruits.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.gearBronze.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Gear
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.gearCopper.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Gear
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.gearTin.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Gear
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.grafter.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Grafter
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.grafterProven.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Proven Grafter
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.habitatLocator.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Habitat Locator
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.hardenedMachine.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Casing
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.honeyDrop.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Drop
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.honeyPot.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Pot
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.honeydew.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Honeydew
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.honeyedSlice.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Honeyed Slice
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.hunterBag.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Hunter's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.hunterBagT2.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Hunter's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.impregnatedCasing.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Impregnated Casing
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.imprinter.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Imprinter
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.infuser.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Infuser
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.ingotBronze.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.ingotCopper.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.ingotTin.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.iodineCapsule.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iodine Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.kitPickaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe Kit
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.kitShovel.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel Kit
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.lepidopteristBag.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lepidopterist's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.letters.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Letter
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.minerBag.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Miner's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.minerBagT2.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Miner's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.mouldyWheat.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mouldy Wheat
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.mulch.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mulch
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.naturalistHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spectacles
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.oakStick.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Impregnated Stick
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.peat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Peat
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.phosphor.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Phosphor
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.pipette.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pipette
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.pollen.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.pollenFertile.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.propolis.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Propolis
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryBiomass.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryEmpty.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Refractory Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryEthanol.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryFuel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryHoney.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryIce.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryJuice.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Juice Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryLava.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryOil.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Oil Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractorySeedOil.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryWater.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Water Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryWax.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Refractory Wax
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.researchNote.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sengir's Notes
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.royalJelly.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Royal Jelly
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.sapling.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.scoop.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Scoop
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.serumGE.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT ???
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.solderingIron.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Soldering Iron
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.stamps.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Stamp (1n)
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.sturdyMachine.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sturdy Casing
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.thermionicTubes.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Electron Tube
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.treealyzer.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Treealyzer
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsule.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wax Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleBiomass.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleEthanol.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleFuel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleHoney.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleIce.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleJuice.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Juice Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleOil.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Oil Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleSeedOil.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleWater.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Water Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCast.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wax Cast
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.woodPulp.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Pulp
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.wrench.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wrench
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Unnamed
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Saw
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Saw
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Saw
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Rod
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.beer.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Zero
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.coffee.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cold Coffee
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.fluid.steam.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Steam
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.ic2cable.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Cable
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.ic2upgrades.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Overclocker Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemAdvancedSolarHelmet.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Solar Helmet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorAlloyChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Composite Vest
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorBatpack.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT BatPack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorBronzeBoots.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Boots
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorBronzeChestplate.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorBronzeHelmet.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorBronzeLegs.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorCFPack.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT CF Backpack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorHazmatChestplate.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Hazmat Suit
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorHazmatHelmet.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Scuba Helmet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorHazmatLeggings.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Hazmat Suit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorJetpack.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorJetpackElectric.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorJetpackNuclear.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Nuclear Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorLappack.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lappack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorNanoBoots.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT NanoSuit Boots
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorNanoChestplate.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT NanoSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorNanoHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT NanoSuit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorNanoLegs.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT NanoSuit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorQuantumBoots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT QuantumSuit Boots
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorQuantumChestplate.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT QuantumSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorQuantumHelmet.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT QuantumSuit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorQuantumLegs.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemArmorQuantumLegs.name
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemArmorRubBoots.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Rubber Boots
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemBarrel.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemBatCrystal.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Crystal
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemBatLamaCrystal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemBatRE.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT RE-Battery
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemBatRECharged.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT RE-Battery Charged
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemBatSU.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Single-Use Battery
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemBlackTea.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Black Tea
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemCellAir.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Air Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemCellBio.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bio Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemCellBioRef.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Biofuel Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemCellCoal.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT H. Coal Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemCellCoalRef.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Coalfuel Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemCellEmpty.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemCellHydrant.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hydration Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemCellLava.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemCellUranEmpty.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Near-depleted Uranium Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemCellUranEnriched.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Re-Enriched Uranium Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemCellWater.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Water Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemCellWaterElectro.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Electrolyzed Water Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemCoffeeBeans.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee Beans
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemCoffeePowder.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee Powder
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemCoin.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Industrial Credit
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemColdTea.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cold Tea
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemCoolant.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemCoolant.name
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemCropSeed.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Seed is missing data - bug?
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemCropanalyzer.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cropnalyzer
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemDebug.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Debug Item
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemDoorAlloy.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Door
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemDustBronze.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Dust
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemDustClay.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Dust
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemDustCoal.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Dust
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemDustCopper.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Dust
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemDustGold.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Dust
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemDustIron.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemDustIronSmall.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemDustSilver.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Dust
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemDustTin.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Dust
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemDynamite.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dynamite
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemDynamiteSticky.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sticky Dynamite
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemFertilizer.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Fertilizer
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemFoamSprayer.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT CF Sprayer
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemFreq.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Frequency Transmitter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemFuelCan.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Filled Fuel Can
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemFuelCanEmpty.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT (Empty) Fuel Can
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemFuelCoalCmpr.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT H. Coal
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemFuelCoalDust.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hydrated Coal Dust
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemFuelPlantBall.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Plantball
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemFuelPlantCmpr.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Plants
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemGrinPowder.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Grin Powder
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemHarz.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Sticky Resin
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemHops.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hops
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemIceTea.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Tea
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemIngotAdvIron.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Iron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemIngotAlloy.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Mixed Metal Ingot
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemIngotBronze.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemIngotCopper.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Ingot
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemIngotSilver.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Ingot
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemIngotTin.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Ingot
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemIngotUran.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Uranium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemMatter.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT UU-Matter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemMugEmpty.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Mug
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemNanoSaber.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Nano Saber
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemNanoSaberActive.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Nano Saber
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemNightvisionGoggles.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nightvision Goggles
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemObsidianBlade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Blade
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemObsidianDust.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemOreIridium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Ore
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemOreUran.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Ore
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemPartAlloy.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Alloy
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemPartCarbonFibre.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Carbon Fibre
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemPartCarbonMesh.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Carbon Mesh
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemPartCarbonPlate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Plate
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemPartCircuit.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Electronic Circuit
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemPartCircuitAdv.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Circuit
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemPartCoalBall.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Ball
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemPartCoalBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Coal Ball
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemPartCoalChunk.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Chunk
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemPartDCP.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Copper Plate
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemPartIndustrialDiamond.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Industrial Diamond
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemPartIridium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Plate
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemPartPellet.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT CF Pellet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemRawObsidianBlade.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Obsidian Blade
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemRemote.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dynamite-O-Mote
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemRubber.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rubber
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemScanner.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT OD Scanner
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemScannerAdv.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT OV Scanner
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemScrap.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Scrap
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemScrapMetal.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Scrap Metal
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemScrapbox.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Scrap Box
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemSolarHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Solar Helmet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemStaticBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Static Boots
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemTFBP.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Empty
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemTFBPChilling.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Chilling
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemTFBPCultivation.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Cultivation
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemTFBPDesertification.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Desertification
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemTFBPFlatification.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Flatification
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemTFBPIrrigation.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Irrigation
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemTFBPMushroom.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Mushroom
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemTea.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tea
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemTeaLeaf.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tea Leaf
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemTerraWart.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Terra Wart
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemTinCan.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Can
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemTinCanFilled.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT (Filled) Tin Can
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolBronzeAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Axe
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolBronzeHoe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolBronzePickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolBronzeSpade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolBronzeSword.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sword
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolChainsaw.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chainsaw
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolCutter.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Insulation Cutter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolDDrill.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Drill
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolDrill.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mining Drill
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolHoe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Hoe
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolMeter.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT EU-Reader
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolMiningLaser.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Mining Laser
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolPainter.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolPainterBlack.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Black Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolPainterBlue.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolPainterBrown.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolPainterCloud.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolPainterCyan.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolPainterDarkGrey.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemToolPainterDarkGrey.name
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolPainterGreen.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Green Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolPainterLightGrey.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Light Grey Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolPainterLime.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolPainterMagenta.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolPainterOrange.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolPainterPink.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolPainterPurple.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolPainterRed.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Red Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolPainterWhite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT White Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolPainterYellow.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolWrench.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wrench
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolWrenchElectric.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Wrench
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemToolbox.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tool Box
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemTreetap.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Treetap
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemTreetapElectric.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Treetap
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.itemWeedEx.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Weed-EX
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.null.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ranged OD Scanner
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorCondensator.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT RSH-Condensator
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorCondensatorLap.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT LZH-Condensator
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorCoolantSimple.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT 10k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorCoolantSix.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT 60k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorCoolantTriple.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT 30k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorHeatSwitch.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorHeatSwitchCore.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorHeatSwitchDiamond.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorHeatSwitchSpread.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Component Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorHeatpack.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Heating Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorIsotopeCell.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Depleted Isotope Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorPlating.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Plating
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorPlatingExplosive.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Containment Reactor Plating
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorPlatingHeat.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Heat-Capacity Reactor Plating
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorReflector.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorReflectorThick.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Thick Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorSteamVent.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorSteamVentCore.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Steam Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorSteamVentDiamond.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Steam Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorSteamVentGold.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Overclocked Steam Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorUraniumDual.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dual Uranium Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Quad Uranium Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorVent.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorVentCore.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorVentDiamond.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorVentGold.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Overclocked Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.reactorVentSpread.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Component Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.scrapMetalBlade.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Scrap Metal Blade
fe.protection.craft.IC2.item.scrapMetalChunk.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Scrap Metal Chunk
fe.protection.craft.IC2.noUsage.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.null.name
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.Item55ReactorCard.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT 5x5 Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergyArrayLocationCard.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Array Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorKit.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Sensor Kit
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorLocationCard.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemLiquidArrayLocationCard.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Liquid Array Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorKit.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Counter Sensor Kit
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorLocationCard.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Counter Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemRemoteSensorKit.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Remote Sensor Kit
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemSensorLocationCard.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTextCard.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Text Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTimeCard.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Time Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolDigitalThermometer.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Digital Thermometer
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolThermometer.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Thermometer
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Range Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.NC-BRreactorCard.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT RF Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.NC-BRrfsensorKit.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Remote RF Reactor Kit
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.remoteMonitor.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Information Panel
fe.protection.craft.ImmibisPeripherals.component.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Microprocessor Core
fe.protection.craft.ImmibisPeripherals.magncard.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Mag-stripe card
fe.protection.craft.ImmibisPeripherals.rfidcard.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT RFID card
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.copperIronUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.diamondCrystalUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.woodCopperUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.woodIronUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.hammer.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.mover.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dolly
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond dolly
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Storage upgrade
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Sticker
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.craft.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.Hollow_Carriage.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Hollow Carriage
fe.protection.craft.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.item.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_SimpleItemSet.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Carriage Crosspiece
fe.protection.craft.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.item.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_ToolItemSet.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Screwdriver
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.ItemPipeSignCreator.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crafting Sign Creator
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeBlockRequestTable.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Request Table
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidBasic.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Fluid Basic Pipe
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidExtractor.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Fluid Extractor Pipe
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidInsertion.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Fluid Insertion Pipe
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidProvider.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Fluid Provider Pipe
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidRequestLogistics.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Fluid Request Pipe
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidSatellite.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Fluid Satellite Pipe
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidSupplierMk2.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Fluid Supplier
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsApiaristAnalyser.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bee Analyzer Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsApiaristSink.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT BeeSink Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsBasicLogistics.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsBasicTransport.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Unrouted Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsCraftingLogistics.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crafting Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsCraftingLogisticsMk2.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crafting Logistics Pipe Mk2
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsCraftingLogisticsMk3.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crafting Logistics Pipe Mk3
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsFirewall.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Firewall Pipe
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsFluidSupplier.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Fluid Container Supplier
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsInvSysConnector.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Inventory System Connector
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsProviderLogistics.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Provider Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsProviderLogisticsMk2.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Provider Logistics Pipe Mk2
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsRemoteOrdererLogistics.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Remote Orderer Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsRequestLogistics.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Request Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsRequestLogisticsMk2.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Request Logistics Pipe Mk2
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsSatelliteLogistics.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Satellite Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsSupplierLogistics.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Supplier Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsSystemDestinationLogistics.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics System Destination Pipe
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsSystemEntranceLogistics.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics System Entrance Pipe
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeLogisticsChassiMk1.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Chassis Mk1
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeLogisticsChassiMk2.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Chassis Mk2
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeLogisticsChassiMk3.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Chassis Mk3
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeLogisticsChassiMk4.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Chassis Mk4
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeLogisticsChassiMk5.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Chassis Mk5
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.brokenItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Broken Item
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.itemDisk.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Disk
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.itemModule.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Module
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.itemUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sneaky Upgrade (UP)
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.logisticsFluidContainer.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Fluid Container
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.logisticsHUDGlasses.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics HUD Glasses
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.logisticsItemCard.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Item Card
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.logisticsParts.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics HUD Bow
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.pipeComponents.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Structural Pipe Frame
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.pipeController.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Pipe Controller
fe.protection.craft.LogisticsPipes.item.remoteOrdererItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Remote Orderer
fe.protection.craft.OCS.genericItem.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT .name
fe.protection.craft.OCS.sensorCard.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Proximity Sensor Card
fe.protection.craft.PowerConverters3.debugItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Power Converters Debug Probe
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_alchemical_bag.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Alchemical Bag (White)
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_arcana_ring.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Arcana
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_archangel_smite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Archangel's Smite [WIP]
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_black_hole.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Black Hole Band
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_body_stone.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Body Stone
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_catalitic_lens.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Catalytic Lens
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_covalence_dust.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Low Covalence Dust
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_destruction_catalyst.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Destruction Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_divining_rod_1.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Divining Rod (low)
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_divining_rod_2.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Divining Rod (medium)
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_divining_rod_3.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Divining Rod (high)
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_armor_0.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Matter Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_armor_1.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Matter Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_armor_2.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Matter Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_armor_3.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Matter Boots
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_axe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Matter Axe
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_hammer.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Matter Hammer
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_hoe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Matter Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_pick.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Matter Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_shears.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Matter Shears
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_shovel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Matter Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_sword.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Matter Sword
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_evertide_amulet.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Evertide Amulet
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_fire_projectile.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.pe_fire_projectile.name
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_fuel.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Alchemical Coal
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_gem_armor_0.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Gem Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_gem_armor_1.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Gem Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_gem_armor_2.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Gem Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_gem_armor_3.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Gem Boots
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_gem_density.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Gem of Eternal Density
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_harvest_god.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Harvest Goddess Band
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_hyperkinetic_lens.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Hyperkinetic Lens
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_ignition.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ignition Ring
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_klein_star.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Klein Star Ein
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_lava_orb.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Orb
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_lens_explosive.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Explosive Lens
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_life_stone.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Life Stone
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_loot_ball.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Loot Ball
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_manual.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Book of the Alchemist [WIP]
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_matter.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Matter
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_mercurial_eye.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mercurial Eye
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_mind_stone.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Mind Stone
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_philosophers_stone.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Philosopher's Stone
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_randomizer.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Randomizer Orb
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_repair_talisman.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Repair Talisman
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_ring_iron_band.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Band
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_armor_0.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Red Matter Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_armor_1.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Red Matter Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_armor_2.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Red Matter Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_armor_3.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Red Matter Boots
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_axe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Red Matter Axe
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_hammer.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Red Matter Hammer
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_hoe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Red Matter Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_katar.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Red Katar
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_morning_star.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Red Morningstar
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_pick.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Red Matter Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_shears.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Red Matter Shears
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_shovel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Red Matter Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_sword.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Red Matter Sword
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_soul_stone.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Stone
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_swrg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Swiftwolf's Rending Gale
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_time_watch.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Watch of Flowing Time
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_tome.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tome of Knowledge
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_transmutation_tablet.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Transmutation Tablet
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_void_ring.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Void Ring
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_volcanite_amulet.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Volcanite Amulet
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_water_orb.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Water Orb
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_wind_projectile.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.pe_wind_projectile.name
fe.protection.craft.ProjectE.item.pe_zero_ring.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Zero Ring
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.steel.boots.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.steel.helmet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.steel.legs.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.steel.plate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t1.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t2.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t1.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t2.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t1.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t2.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.anchor.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Anchor Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.anchor.admin.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Admin Anchor Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.anchor.personal.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Personal Anchor Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.energy.batbox.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Batbox Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.energy.cesu.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT CESU Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.energy.mfe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT MFE Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gift Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tank Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.tnt.wood.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Work Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.dust.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Emblem
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cut Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Can
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Cell
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Bottle
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Coke
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bleached Clay
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Controller Circuit
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Standard Rail
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Rebar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Lamp
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Tie
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Blade
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Disk
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Routing Table
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Railway Ticket
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Meter
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Tuner
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.axe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Axe
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.hoe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Hoe
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.pickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.shears.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shears
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.shovel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.sword.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Sword
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.upgrade.lapotron.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Lapotron Loader Upgrade.name
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.armor.bootsFlux.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Boots
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.armor.helmetFlux.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Helm
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.armor.legsFlux.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Leggings
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.armor.plateFlux.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.material.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fluxed Electrum Blend
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.tool.axeFlux.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Axe
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.tool.battleWrenchFlux.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused BattleWrench
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.tool.bowFlux.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Bow
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.tool.fishingRodFlux.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.tool.pickaxeFlux.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.tool.shovelFlux.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Shovel
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.tool.sickleFlux.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Sickle
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.tool.swordFlux.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Sword
fe.protection.craft.RedstoneArsenal.tool.wrenchFlux.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused OmniWrench
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.mirror.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mirror
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.solarCell1.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Photovoltaic cell I
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.solarCell2.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Photovoltaic cell II
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.solarCell3.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Photovoltaic cell III
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.solarCell4.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Photovoltaic cell IV
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.upgradeBlank.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blank upgrade
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.upgradeCapacity.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Capacity upgrade
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.upgradeEfficiency.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Efficiency upgrade
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.upgradeFurnace.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Furnace upgrade
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.upgradeLowLight.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Low light upgrade
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.upgradeTransferRate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Transfer rate upgrade
fe.protection.craft.SolarFlux.upgradeTraversal.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Machine traversal upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Tubestuff.uselessItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Retriever Jammer
fe.protection.craft.additionalpipes.dogDeaggravator.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Dog Deaggravator
fe.protection.craft.additionalpipes.item.PipeItemsTeleport.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Item Teleport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.additionalpipes.item.PipeLiquidsTeleport.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Teleport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.additionalpipes.item.PipeLogisticsTeleport.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Teleport Pipe [WIP]
fe.protection.craft.additionalpipes.item.PipePowerTeleport.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Power Teleport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsaddition.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Addition Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsadvancedinsertion.*             # (default: true) CRAFT [Deprecated] Insertion Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsadvancedwood.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Adv. Wooden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsclosed.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Closed Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdistributor.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Distribution Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsgravityfeed.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Gravity Feed Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsjeweled.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Jeweled Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemspriorityinsertion.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Priority Insertion Pipe
fe.protection.craft.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeliquidsobsidian.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeliquidswaterpump.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Water Pump Pipe
fe.protection.craft.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeswitchfluids.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Switch Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeswitchitems.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Switch Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeswitchpower.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Switch Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedAluminum.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Aluminum Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedCopper.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Copper Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedGold.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Gold Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedIron.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedLead.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Lead Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedNickel.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPlatinum.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedAluminum.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Aluminum Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedNickel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedPlatinum.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedSteel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Steel Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedTungsten.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedUranium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Uranium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedYellorium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedZinc.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedSilver.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Silver Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedSteel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Steel Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedTin.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Tin Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedTungsten.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedUranium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Uranium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedYellorium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedZinc.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustImpurePlatinum.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Platinum Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustImpureSteel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Steel Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustImpureTungsten.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustImpureUranium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Uranium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustImpureYellorium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustImpureZinc.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Zinc Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustSteel.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyAluminum.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Aluminum Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyNickel.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Nickel Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyPlatinum.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Platinum Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinySteel.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Steel Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyTungsten.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyUranium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Uranium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyYellorium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyZinc.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Zinc Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTungsten.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.groundPlatinum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Platinum Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.groundSteel.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Steel Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.groundTungsten.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.groundUranium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Uranium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.groundYellorium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.groundZinc.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Zinc Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.orePlatinum.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreSteel.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Ore
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.amethyst_axe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Axe
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.amethyst_gem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.amethyst_hoe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Hoe
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.amethyst_pickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.amethyst_saw.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Saw
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.amethyst_shovel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Shovel
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.amethyst_sickle.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Sickle
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.amethyst_sword.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Sword
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.athame.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Athame
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.blue_alloy_ingot.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.blue_doped_wafer.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Doped Wafer
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.bluestone_anode_tile.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bluestone Anode Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.bluestone_cathode_tile.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bluestone Cathode Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.bluestone_pointer_tile.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bluestone Pointer Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.bluestone_wire_tile.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bluestone Wire Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.brass_ingot.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Brass Ingot
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.canvas.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Canvas
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.canvas_bag.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Black Canvas Bag
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.copper_ingot.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Ingot
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.copper_wire.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fine Copper Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.diamond_drawplate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Drawplate
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.diamond_sickle.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.flax_seeds.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Flax Seeds
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.gold_sickle.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Sickle
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.indigo_dye.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Indigo Dye
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.infused_teslatite_dust.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Infused Teslatite Dust
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.iron_sickle.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Sickle
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.iron_wire.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fine Iron Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.lumar.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT White Lumar
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.paint_brush.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Black Paint Brush
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.paint_can.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Black Paint Can
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.accelerator.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Accelerator
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.and.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT AND Gate
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.buffer.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Buffer Gate
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.black.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Black Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.black.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Black Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.blue.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.blue.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.brown.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.brown.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Brown Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.cyan.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.cyan.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Cyan Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.gray.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.gray.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.green.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Green Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.green.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Green Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_blue.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_blue.inverted.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Light Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_gray.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_gray.inverted.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Light Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.lime.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.lime.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Lime Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.magenta.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.magenta.inverted.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Magenta Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.orange.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.orange.inverted.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Orange Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.pink.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.pink.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Pink Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.purple.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.purple.inverted.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Purple Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.red.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Red Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.red.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Red Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.white.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.white.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.yellow.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.cagelamp.yellow.inverted.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Yellow Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.comparator.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Comparator
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.counter.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Counter
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.black.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Black Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.black.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Black Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.blue.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.blue.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Blue Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.brown.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.brown.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Brown Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.cyan.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.cyan.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Cyan Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.gray.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.gray.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Gray Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.green.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Green Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.green.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Green Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.light_blue.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.light_blue.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Light Blue Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.light_gray.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.light_gray.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Light Gray Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.lime.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.lime.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Lime Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.magenta.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.magenta.inverted.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Magenta Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.orange.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.orange.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Orange Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.pink.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.pink.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Pink Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.purple.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.purple.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Purple Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.red.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Red Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.red.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Red Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.white.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT White Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.white.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted White Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.yellow.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.fixture.yellow.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted Yellow Fixture
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit3x3.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT 3x3 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit5x5.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT 5x5 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit7x7.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT 7x7 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.inverter.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Inverter
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.lightCell.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Light Sensor
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.magTube.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Magtube
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.multiplexer.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Multiplexer
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.nand.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT NAND Gate
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.nor.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT NOR Gate
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.not.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT NOT Gate
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.nullcell.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Null Cell
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.or.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT OR Gate
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.pneumaticTube.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pneumatic Tube
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.pneumaticTubeOpaque.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Opaque Pneumatic Tube
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.pulseformer.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pulse Former
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.randomizer.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Randomizer
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.regulabletorch.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Regulable Torch
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.repeater.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Repeater
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.restrictionTube.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Restriction Tube
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.restrictionTubeOpaque.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Opaque Restriction Tube
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.rs.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT RS Latch
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.sequencer.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sequencer
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.state.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT State Cell
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.synchronizer.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Synchronizer
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.timer.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Timer
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.toggle.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Toggle Latch
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.transparent.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Transparent Latch
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.black.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.blue.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.brown.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.black.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.blue.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.brown.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.cyan.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.gray.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.green.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Green Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.light_blue.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.light_gray.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.lime.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.magenta.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.orange.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.pink.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.purple.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.red.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Red Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.white.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT White Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.yellow.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.cyan.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.gray.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.green.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Green Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.light_blue.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.light_gray.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.lime.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.magenta.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.orange.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.pink.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.purple.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.red.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Red Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.white.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT White Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.yellow.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.black.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Black Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.blue.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.brown.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.black.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Black Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.blue.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.brown.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.cyan.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.gray.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.green.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Green Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.light_blue.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.light_gray.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.lime.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.magenta.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.orange.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.pink.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.purple.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.red.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Red Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.white.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT White Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.yellow.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.cyan.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.gray.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.green.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Green Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.light_blue.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.light_gray.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.lime.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.magenta.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.orange.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.pink.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.purple.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.red.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Red Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.white.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT White Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.yellow.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.black.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Black Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.blue.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.brown.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.black.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Black Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.blue.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.brown.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.cyan.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.gray.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.green.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Green Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_blue.*       # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_gray.*       # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.lime.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.magenta.*          # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.orange.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.pink.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.purple.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.red.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Red Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.white.*            # (default: true) CRAFT White Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.yellow.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.cyan.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.gray.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.green.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Green Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.light_blue.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.light_gray.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.lime.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.magenta.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.orange.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.pink.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.purple.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.red.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Red Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.white.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT White Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.yellow.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.black.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Black Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.blue.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.brown.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.black.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Black Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.blue.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.brown.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.cyan.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.gray.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.green.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Green Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.light_blue.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.light_gray.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.lime.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.magenta.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.orange.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.pink.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.purple.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.red.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Red Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.white.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT White Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.yellow.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.cyan.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.gray.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.green.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Green Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.light_blue.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.light_gray.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.lime.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.magenta.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.orange.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.pink.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.purple.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.red.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Red Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.white.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT White Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.yellow.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.black.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Black Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.blue.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.brown.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.black.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.blue.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.brown.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.cyan.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.gray.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.green.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Green Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_blue.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_gray.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.lime.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.magenta.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.orange.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.pink.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.purple.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.red.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Red Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.white.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT White Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.yellow.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.cyan.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.gray.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.green.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Green Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.light_blue.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.light_gray.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.lime.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.magenta.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.orange.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.pink.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.purple.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.red.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Red Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.white.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT White Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.yellow.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.black.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Black Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.blue.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.brown.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.black.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.blue.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.brown.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.cyan.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.gray.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.green.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Green Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.light_blue.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.light_gray.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.lime.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.magenta.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.orange.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.pink.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.purple.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.red.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Red Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.white.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT White Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.yellow.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.cyan.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.gray.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.green.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Green Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.light_blue.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.light_gray.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.lime.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.magenta.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.orange.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.pink.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.purple.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.red.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Red Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.white.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT White Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.yellow.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Digital Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.analog.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Analog Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.analog.bundled.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Analog Bundled Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.bundled.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Digital Bundled Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.xnor.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT XNOR Gate
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.part.xor.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT XOR Gate
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.purple_alloy_ingot.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.quartz_resonator_tile.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Resonator Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.red_alloy_ingot.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Red Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.red_doped_wafer.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Red Doped Wafer
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.redstone_anode_tile.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Anode Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.redstone_cathode_tile.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Cathode Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.redstone_pointer_tile.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Pointer Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.redstone_wire_tile.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Wire Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.ruby_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Axe
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.ruby_gem.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.ruby_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Hoe
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.ruby_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.ruby_saw.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Saw
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.ruby_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Shovel
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.ruby_sickle.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Sickle
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.ruby_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Sword
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.sapphire_axe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Axe
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.sapphire_gem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.sapphire_hoe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Hoe
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.sapphire_pickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.sapphire_saw.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Saw
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.sapphire_shovel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Shovel
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.sapphire_sickle.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Sickle
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.sapphire_sword.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Sword
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.screwdriver.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Screwdriver
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.screwdriver_handle.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Screwdriver Handle
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.seed_bag.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Bag
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.silicon_boule.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Boule
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.silicon_chip_tile.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Chip Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.silicon_wafer.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Wafer
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.silky_screwdriver.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Silky Screwdriver
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.silver_ingot.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Ingot
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.stone_bundle.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Bundle Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.stone_sickle.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Sickle
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.stone_tile.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.tainted_silicon_chip_tile.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tainted Silicon Chip Tile
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.teslatite_dust.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Teslatite
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.tungsten_ingot.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Ingot
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.tungsten_nugget.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Nugget
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.wood_sickle.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.wool_card.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wool Card
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.zinc_dust.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Dust
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.zinc_ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Ingot
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.zinc_ore_crushed.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.zinc_ore_purified.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.zinc_tiny_dust.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Zinc Dust
fe.protection.craft.bluepower.zincplate.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Plate
fe.protection.craft.computronics.computronics.parts.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Track
fe.protection.craft.computronics.computronics.relaySensor.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Digital Relay Sensor
fe.protection.craft.computronics.computronics.tape.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cassette Tape
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.Blank_Module.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Module
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.Dust.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Quicklime
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.Engineer's_Wrench.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Wrench
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.Module.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blank
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.Nutrient_Water_Bucket.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Nutrient Water Bucket
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.Redstone_Wand.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Wand
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.Slickwater_Bucket.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Slickwater Bucket
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.Socket_Remote.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Socket Remote
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.ash.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ash
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.bluestone.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bluestone
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.chainSheet.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Sheet
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.circuit.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Electronic Circuit
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.fenceWire.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fence Wire
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.gasMask.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gas Mask
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.gem.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Emery
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.handBoiler.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Hand Boiler
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.hempCap.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Hemp Cap
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.hempOil.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Hemp Seed Oil
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.hempPants.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Hemp Pants
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.hempPlant.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Hemp
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.hempSeeds.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Hemp Seeds
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.hempShoes.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Hemp Shoes
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.hempTunic.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Hemp Tunic
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.ingot.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Black.name.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Black Spray Paint
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Blue.name.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Spray Paint
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Brown.name.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Spray Paint
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Cyan.name.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Spray Paint
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Gray.name.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Spray Paint
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Green.name.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Green Spray Paint
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Light_Blue.name.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Spray Paint
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Light_Gray.name.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Light Gray Spray Paint
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Lime.name.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Spray Paint
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Magenta.name.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Spray Paint
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Orange.name.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Spray Paint
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Pink.name.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Spray Paint
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Purple.name.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Spray Paint
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Red.name.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Red Spray Paint
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.White.name.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT White Spray Paint
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Yellow.name.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Spray Paint
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.psu.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Power Management Device
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.rsIngot.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Redstone Ingot
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.smokeGrenade.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Smoke Grenade
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.vial.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Gas Vial
fe.protection.craft.eng_toolbox.vialFilled.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Natural Gas Vial
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.ApiaryUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Production Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.BeeReceptacle.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bee Receptacle
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.ClimateModule.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Climate Control Module
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.EjectCover.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Item Eject Cover
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.EnvProcessor.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Enviromental Processor
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.ErrorSensorCover.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Error Sensor Cover
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.GeneSample.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Gene Sample
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.GeneSampleBlank.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Gene Sample
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.GeneTemplate.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Genetic Template
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.GeneticsProcessor.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Genetics Processor
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.HiveSpawnDebugger.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hive Spawning Debugger
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.HoneyComb.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT invalid.name
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.HoneyDrop.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT invalid.name
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.ImportCover.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Item Import Cover
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.IndustrialGrafter.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Industrial Grafter
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.IndustrialScoop.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Scooporator MX200 Turbo
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.Labware.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Genetics Labware
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.LiquidDNABucket.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Liquid DNA Bucket
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.LiquidDNACan.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Liquid DNA Can
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.MutagenBucket.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Mutagen Bucket
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.MutagenCan.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mutagen Can
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.MutagenTank.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mutagen Tank
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.PollenKit.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pollen Collection Kit
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.PowerModule.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Power Module
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.ProteinBucket.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Protein Bucket
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.ProteinCan.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Protein Can
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.UpgradeFrame.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Frame
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.Waste.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Genetic Waste
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.apple.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.arrow.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bed.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bed
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beef.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Beef
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Powder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.boat.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bone.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.book.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bow.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bowl.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bowl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bread.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bread
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Brewing Stand
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brick.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cake.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cake
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cauldron
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chest Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chicken.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Clay
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clock.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Clock
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.coal.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Coal
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.comparator.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.compass.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Compass
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Steak
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cookie.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cookie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dye.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ink Sac
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.egg.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.emerald.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Eye of Ender
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pearl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.feather.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Feather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Charge
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Rocket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fish.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Flint
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Flint and Steel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Flower Pot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Furnace Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ghast Tear
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Nugget
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gunpowder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hopper Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Item Frame
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lead.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lead
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Leather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Tunic
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Cap
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Pants
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Magma Cream
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.map.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Milk
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.minecart.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Name Tag
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Wart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.painting.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Painting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.paper.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Paper
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potato.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potion.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Water Bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.quartz.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_11.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_13.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_far.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_strad.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.redstone.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.reeds.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar Canes
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.repeater.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.saddle.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Saddle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shears.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Shears
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sign.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sign
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.skull.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Slimeball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.snowball.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Snowball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Glistering Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stick.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.string.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT String
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sugar.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT TNT Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Water Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wheat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Book and Quill
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.written_book.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Written Book
fe.protection.craft.powersuits.item.powerArmorBoots.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Power Armor Boots
fe.protection.craft.powersuits.item.powerArmorChestplate.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Power Armor Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.powersuits.item.powerArmorHelmet.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Power Armor Helmet
fe.protection.craft.powersuits.item.powerArmorLeggings.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Power Armor Leggings
fe.protection.craft.powersuits.item.powerFist.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Power Fist
fe.protection.craft.powersuits.powerArmorComponent.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wiring
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_ArrowBundle.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow Bundle
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_BoxOfFlintDust.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Box of Flint Dust
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_ColdIronClip.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cold Iron Clip
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_EnderQuartzMagazine.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Quartz Clip
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_GoldMagazine.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Magazine
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_LapisMagazine.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Magazine
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_LargeNetherrackMagazine.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Large Netherrack Magazine
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_LargeRedstoneMagazine.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Large Redstone Magazine
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_LargeRocket.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Big Rocket
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_ObsidianMagazine.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Magazine
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_Part_SEBarrel.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar Engine Barrel
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_Part_SEBody.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar Engine Main Body
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_RedstoneMagazine.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Magazine
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_RocketBundle.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Rocket Bundle
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_SeedJar.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Jar
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_SugarMagazine.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Clip of Sugar Rods
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_ThornMagazine.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Thorn Magazine
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_TurretSpawner.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Packed Up Arms Assistant
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_AATargeter.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Arms Assistant Targeting Helper
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_AquaAccelerator.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Aqua Accelerator
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CoinTosser.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Coin Tosser
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CoinTosser_Mod.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Modified Coin Tosser
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_Crossbow.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Compact Crossbow
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CrossbowAuto.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Auto-Crossbow
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CrossbowAutoImp.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Improved Auto-Crossbow
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CrossbowBlaze.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Crossbow
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CrossbowDouble.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Double Crossbow
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_DragonBox.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dragon Box
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_DragonBox_Quad.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Four-Headed Dragon Box
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_ERA.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Rail Accelerator
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_EnderBow.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Bow
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_EnderNymous.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Hidden Ender Pistol
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_EnderRifle.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Rifle
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_FenFire.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fen Fire
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_FlintDuster.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Flint Duster
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_FrostLancer.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Frost Lancer
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_LapisCoil.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Coil
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_LightningRed.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lightning Red
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_MortarArrow.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow Mortar
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_MortarRocket.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Dragon Mortar
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_NetherBellows.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Bellows
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_OSP.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Splinter Pistol
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_OSR.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Spear Rifle
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_OWR.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Wither Rifle
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_Potatosser.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Potatosser
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_PowderKnuckle.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Powder Knuckle
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_PowderKnuckle_Mod.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Modified Powder Knuckle
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_ProxyNeedler.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Proximity Thorn Thrower
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_QuiverBow.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bow with Quiver
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_RPG.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Fireworks Rocket Launcher
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_RPG_Imp.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Improved Rocket Launcher
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_RayOfHope.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ray Of Hope
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_Redsprayer.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Sprayer
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_SeedSweeper.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Sweeper
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_Seedling.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Seedling
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_SilkenSpinner.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Silken Spinner
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_SnowCannon.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Snow Cannon
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_SoulCairn.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Cairn
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_SugarEngine.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar Engine
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_Sunray.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Sunray
fe.protection.craft.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_ThornSpitter.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Thorn Spitter
fe.protection.craft.zettaindustries.acidbucket.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Sulfurous Acid
fe.protection.craft.zettaindustries.backpack.creativeT1.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Backpack
fe.protection.craft.zettaindustries.backpack.creativeT2.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.zettaindustries.backpack.engineeringT1.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.zettaindustries.backpack.engineeringT2.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.zettaindustries.backpack.opencomputersT1.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT OpenComputers Backpack
fe.protection.craft.zettaindustries.backpack.opencomputersT2.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT OpenComputers Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.zettaindustries.zettaindustries.fakeitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.null.name
fe.protection.exist.*                                                                            # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be destroyed if not allowed.
fe.protection.exist.BigReactors.BRDebugTool.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST BeefTronicâ„¢ Diagnostics Tool
fe.protection.exist.BigReactors.BRIngot.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Yellorium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.BigReactors.bucketCyanite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Cyanite Bucket
fe.protection.exist.BigReactors.bucketYellorium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Yellorium Bucket
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Builders.blueprintItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Blueprint
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Builders.templateItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Template
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Compat.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemspropolis.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.debugger.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Debugger
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.diamondGearItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Gear
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.goldGearItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Gold Gear
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.ironGearItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Iron Gear
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.list.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST List
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.mapLocation.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Map Location
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.paintbrush.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Paintbrush
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.stoneGearItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Stone Gear
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.woodenGearItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wood Gear
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.wrenchItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wrench
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketFuel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketOil.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Oil Bucket
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Robotics.redstone_board.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Board
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Robotics.robot.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Robot
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Robotics.robotStation.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Docking Station
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Silicon.package.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Package
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneChipset.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Chipset
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Crystal
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.gateCopier.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Gate Copier
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsclay.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Clay Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidscobblestone.*             # (default: true) EXIST Cobblestone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsdiamond.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsemerald.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsgold.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Golden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsiron.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Iron Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsquartz.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidssandstone.*               # (default: true) EXIST Sandstone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsstone.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Stone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsvoid.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Void Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidswood.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsclay.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Clay Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemscobblestone.*              # (default: true) EXIST Cobblestone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdaizuli.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Daizuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdiamond.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemerald.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemzuli.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Emzuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsgold.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsiron.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemslapis.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Lazuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsobsidian.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsquartz.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemssandstone.*                # (default: true) EXIST Sandstone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstone.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Stone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstripes.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Stripes Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsvoid.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Void Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemswood.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowercobblestone.*              # (default: true) EXIST Cobblestone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerdiamond.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweremerald.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowergold.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweriron.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerquartz.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowersandstone.*                # (default: true) EXIST Sandstone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerstone.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Stone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerwood.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipestructurecobblestone.*          # (default: true) EXIST Cobblestone Structure Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeFacade.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Facade: CORRUPT
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeGate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Basic Gate
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeLens.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lens (Black)
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePlug.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pipe Plug
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePowerAdapter.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Power Adapter
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWaterproof.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pipe Sealant
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWire.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Red Pipe Wire
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraft.disk.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Floppy Disk
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraft.diskExpanded.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Floppy Disk
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraft.pocketComputer.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pocket Computer
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraft.printout.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Printed Page
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraft.treasureDisk.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Floppy Disk
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.and.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST And
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.attack.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Attack
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.attackDown.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Attack Down
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.attackUp.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Attack Up
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Block Name
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.break.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Break
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.comment.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Comment
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.compare.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Compare
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.compareDown.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Compare Down
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.compareUp.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Compare Up
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.detect.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Detect
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.detectDown.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Detect Down
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.detectUp.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Detect Up
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.dig.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dig
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.digDown.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Dig Down
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.digUp.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dig Up
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.dividedBy.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Divided By
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.do.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Do
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.drop.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Drop Items
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.dropDown.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Drop Items Down
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.dropUp.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Drop Items Up
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.else.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Else
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.elseIf.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Else If
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.end.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST End
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.equalTo.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Equals
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.equipLeft.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Swap Left Tool
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.equipRight.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Swap Right Tool
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.exportedProgramDisk.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Program Disk
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.false.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST False
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.for.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST For
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.getItemCount.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Item Count
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.greaterThan.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Is Greater Than
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.greaterThanOrEqualTo.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Is Greater Than Or Equal To
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.if.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST If
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.inspect.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Inspect Block
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.inspectDown.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Inspect Block Below
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.inspectSlot.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Inspect Item
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.inspectUp.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Inspect Block Above
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.item.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Item Name
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.lessThan.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Is Less Than
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.lessThanOrEqualTo.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Is Less Than Or Equal To
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.minus.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Minus
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.moveBack.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Move Back
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.moveDown.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Move Down
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.moveForward.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Move Forward
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.moveUp.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Move Up
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.not.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Not
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.notEqualTo.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Does Not Equal
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.number.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Number
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.or.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Or
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.place.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Place
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.placeDown.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Place Down
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.placeUp.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Place Up
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.plus.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Plus
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.programDisk.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Run Program
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.queryRedstone.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Detect Redstone
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.queryRedstoneDown.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Detect Redstone Down
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.queryRedstoneUp.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Detect Redstone Up
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.random.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Random Boolean
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.randomNumber.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Random Number:
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.repeat.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Repeat
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.say.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Say:
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.select.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Select Slot:
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.setRedstone.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Set Redstone:
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.setRedstoneDown.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Set Redstone Down:
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.setRedstoneUp.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Set Redstone Up:
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.string.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST String
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.suck.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Take Items
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.suckDown.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Take Items From Below
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.suckUp.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Take Items From Above
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.then.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Then
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.times.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Multiplied By
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.to.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST To
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.true.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST True
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.turnLeft.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Turn Left
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.turnRight.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Turn Right
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleRemote.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Turtle Remote Control
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.variable.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Variable
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraftEdu.while.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST While
fe.protection.exist.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pouch
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.adventurerBag.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Adventurer's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.adventurerBagT2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Adventurer's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.ambrosia.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ambrosia
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apatite.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Apatite
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apiaristBag.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apiaristBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Shoes
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apiaristChest.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Shirt
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apiaristHelmet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Hat
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apiaristLegs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Pants
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.ash.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Ash
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beeCombs.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Honey Comb
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beeDroneGE.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.for.beeDroneGE.name
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beeLarvaeGE.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.for.beeLarvaeGE.name
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beePrincessGE.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Princess
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beeQueenGE.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Queen
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beealyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Beealyzer
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beeswax.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Beeswax
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beverage.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Short Mead
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bituminousPeat.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bituminous Peat
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.brokenBronzePickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Broken Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.brokenBronzeShovel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Broken Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bronzePickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Survivalist's Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bronzeShovel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Survivalist's Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketBiomass.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Biomass Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketEthanol.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ethanol Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketGlass.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Glass Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketHoney.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Honey Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketIce.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Ice Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketJuice.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Juice Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketSeedoil.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Seed Oil Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketShortMead.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Short Mead Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.builderBag.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Builder's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.builderBagT2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Builder's WovenBackpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.butterflyGE.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST ???
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canBiomass.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Biomass Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canEmpty.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canEthanol.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ethanol Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canFuel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canHoney.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Honey Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canIce.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ice Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canJuice.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Juice Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canLava.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lava Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canOil.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Oil Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canSeedOil.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Seed Oil Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canWater.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Water Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.carton.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Carton
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.catalogue.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Catalogue
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.caterpillarGE.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST ???
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.chipsets.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Basic Circuit Board
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.craftingMaterial.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pulsating Dust
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.crate.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Crate
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedAcaciaSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedAcaciaWood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedApatite.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedApples.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedAsh.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBeeswax.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBirchSapling.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBirchWood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBogearth.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBrass.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBronze.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCacti.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCarrots.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCharcoal.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCherry.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedChestnut.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedClay.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCoal.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCobblestone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCocoaComb.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCookies.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCopper.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedDarkOakSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedDarkOakWood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedDates.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedDirt.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedDrippingCombs.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedFertilizer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedFrozenCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedGlowstone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedGravel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedHoneycombs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedHoneydew.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedHumus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedJungleSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedJungleWood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedLapis.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedLemon.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedMellowCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedMossyCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedMulch.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedMycelium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedMysteriousCombs.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNetherbrick.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNetherrack.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNetherwart.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedObsidian.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPapaya.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedParchedCombs.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPeat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPhosphor.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPlum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPodzol.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPollen.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPotatoes.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPowderyCombs.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPropolis.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedRedSand.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedRedstone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedReeds.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedRefractoryWax.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedResin.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedRoyalJelly.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedRubber.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSand.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSandstone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSaplings.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedScrap.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSeeds.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSilkyCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSilver.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSimmeringCombs.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSoulsand.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSpruceSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSpruceWood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedStone.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedStringyCombs.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedTin.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedUUM.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedWalnut.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedWheat.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedWheatenCombs.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedWood.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.decayingWheat.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Decaying Wheat
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.diggerBag.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Digger's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.diggerBagT2.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Digger's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.fertilizerBio.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Compost
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.fertilizerCompound.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fertilizer
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.flutterlyzer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Flutterlyzer
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.foresterBag.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Forester's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.foresterBagT2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Forester's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.frameImpregnated.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Impregnated Frame
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.frameProven.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Proven Frame
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.frameUntreated.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Untreated Frame
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.fruits.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cherry
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.gearBronze.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Gear
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.gearCopper.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Copper Gear
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.gearTin.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tin Gear
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.grafter.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Grafter
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.grafterProven.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Proven Grafter
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.habitatLocator.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Habitat Locator
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.hardenedMachine.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Casing
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.honeyDrop.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Honey Drop
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.honeyPot.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Honey Pot
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.honeydew.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Honeydew
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.honeyedSlice.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Honeyed Slice
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.hunterBag.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Hunter's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.hunterBagT2.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Hunter's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.impregnatedCasing.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Impregnated Casing
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.imprinter.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Imprinter
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.infuser.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Infuser
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.ingotBronze.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.ingotCopper.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Copper Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.ingotTin.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tin Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.iodineCapsule.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iodine Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.kitPickaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe Kit
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.kitShovel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Shovel Kit
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.lepidopteristBag.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lepidopterist's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.letters.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Letter
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.minerBag.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Miner's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.minerBagT2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Miner's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.mouldyWheat.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mouldy Wheat
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.mulch.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mulch
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.naturalistHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spectacles
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.oakStick.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Impregnated Stick
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.peat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Peat
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.phosphor.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Phosphor
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.pipette.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pipette
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.pollen.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.pollenFertile.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Unknown
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.propolis.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Propolis
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryBiomass.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryEmpty.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Refractory Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryEthanol.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryFuel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryHoney.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Honey Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryIce.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ice Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryJuice.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Juice Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryLava.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Lava Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryOil.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Oil Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractorySeedOil.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryWater.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Water Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryWax.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Refractory Wax
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.researchNote.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sengir's Notes
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.royalJelly.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Royal Jelly
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.sapling.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Unknown
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.scoop.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Scoop
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.serumGE.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST ???
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.solderingIron.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Soldering Iron
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.stamps.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Stamp (1n)
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.sturdyMachine.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sturdy Casing
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.thermionicTubes.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Copper Electron Tube
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.treealyzer.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Treealyzer
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsule.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wax Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleBiomass.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleEthanol.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleFuel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleHoney.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Honey Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleIce.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ice Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleJuice.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Juice Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleOil.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Oil Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleSeedOil.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleWater.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Water Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCast.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wax Cast
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.woodPulp.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wood Pulp
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.wrench.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wrench
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Unnamed
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Saw
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iron Saw
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Stone Saw
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Stone Rod
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.beer.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Zero
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.coffee.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cold Coffee
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.fluid.steam.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Steam
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.ic2cable.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Copper Cable
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.ic2upgrades.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Overclocker Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemAdvancedSolarHelmet.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Solar Helmet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorAlloyChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Composite Vest
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorBatpack.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST BatPack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorBronzeBoots.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Boots
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorBronzeChestplate.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorBronzeHelmet.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorBronzeLegs.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorCFPack.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST CF Backpack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorHazmatChestplate.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Hazmat Suit
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorHazmatHelmet.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Scuba Helmet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorHazmatLeggings.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Hazmat Suit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorJetpack.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorJetpackElectric.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorJetpackNuclear.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Nuclear Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorLappack.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lappack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorNanoBoots.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST NanoSuit Boots
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorNanoChestplate.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST NanoSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorNanoHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST NanoSuit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorNanoLegs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST NanoSuit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorQuantumBoots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST QuantumSuit Boots
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorQuantumChestplate.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST QuantumSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorQuantumHelmet.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST QuantumSuit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorQuantumLegs.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.itemArmorQuantumLegs.name
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemArmorRubBoots.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Rubber Boots
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemBarrel.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Barrel
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemBatCrystal.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Energy Crystal
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemBatLamaCrystal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemBatRE.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST RE-Battery
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemBatRECharged.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST RE-Battery Charged
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemBatSU.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Single-Use Battery
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemBlackTea.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Black Tea
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemCellAir.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Air Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemCellBio.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bio Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemCellBioRef.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Biofuel Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemCellCoal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST H. Coal Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemCellCoalRef.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Coalfuel Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemCellEmpty.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Empty Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemCellHydrant.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hydration Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemCellLava.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lava Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemCellUranEmpty.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Near-depleted Uranium Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemCellUranEnriched.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Re-Enriched Uranium Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemCellWater.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Water Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemCellWaterElectro.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Electrolyzed Water Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemCoffeeBeans.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Coffee Beans
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemCoffeePowder.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Coffee Powder
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemCoin.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Industrial Credit
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemColdTea.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cold Tea
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemCoolant.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.itemCoolant.name
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemCropSeed.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Seed is missing data - bug?
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemCropanalyzer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cropnalyzer
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemDebug.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Debug Item
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemDoorAlloy.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Door
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemDustBronze.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Dust
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemDustClay.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Clay Dust
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemDustCoal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Coal Dust
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemDustCopper.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Copper Dust
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemDustGold.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Gold Dust
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemDustIron.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemDustIronSmall.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemDustSilver.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Silver Dust
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemDustTin.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tin Dust
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemDynamite.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dynamite
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemDynamiteSticky.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sticky Dynamite
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemFertilizer.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Fertilizer
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemFoamSprayer.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST CF Sprayer
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemFreq.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Frequency Transmitter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemFuelCan.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Filled Fuel Can
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemFuelCanEmpty.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST (Empty) Fuel Can
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemFuelCoalCmpr.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST H. Coal
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemFuelCoalDust.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hydrated Coal Dust
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemFuelPlantBall.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Plantball
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemFuelPlantCmpr.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Plants
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemGrinPowder.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Grin Powder
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemHarz.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Sticky Resin
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemHops.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Hops
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemIceTea.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ice Tea
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemIngotAdvIron.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Refined Iron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemIngotAlloy.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Mixed Metal Ingot
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemIngotBronze.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemIngotCopper.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Copper Ingot
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemIngotSilver.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Silver Ingot
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemIngotTin.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tin Ingot
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemIngotUran.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Refined Uranium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemMatter.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST UU-Matter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemMugEmpty.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Stone Mug
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemNanoSaber.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Nano Saber
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemNanoSaberActive.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Nano Saber
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemNightvisionGoggles.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Nightvision Goggles
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemObsidianBlade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Blade
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemObsidianDust.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemOreIridium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Ore
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemOreUran.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Ore
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemPartAlloy.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Alloy
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemPartCarbonFibre.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Raw Carbon Fibre
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemPartCarbonMesh.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Raw Carbon Mesh
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemPartCarbonPlate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Plate
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemPartCircuit.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Electronic Circuit
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemPartCircuitAdv.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Circuit
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemPartCoalBall.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Coal Ball
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemPartCoalBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Coal Ball
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemPartCoalChunk.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Coal Chunk
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemPartDCP.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dense Copper Plate
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemPartIndustrialDiamond.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Industrial Diamond
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemPartIridium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Plate
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemPartPellet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST CF Pellet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemRawObsidianBlade.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Raw Obsidian Blade
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemRemote.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dynamite-O-Mote
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemRubber.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Rubber
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemScanner.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST OD Scanner
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemScannerAdv.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST OV Scanner
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemScrap.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Scrap
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemScrapMetal.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Scrap Metal
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemScrapbox.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Scrap Box
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemSolarHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Solar Helmet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemStaticBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Static Boots
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemTFBP.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Empty
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemTFBPChilling.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Chilling
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemTFBPCultivation.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Cultivation
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemTFBPDesertification.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Desertification
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemTFBPFlatification.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Flatification
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemTFBPIrrigation.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Irrigation
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemTFBPMushroom.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Mushroom
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemTea.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tea
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemTeaLeaf.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tea Leaf
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemTerraWart.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Terra Wart
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemTinCan.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tin Can
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemTinCanFilled.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST (Filled) Tin Can
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolBronzeAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Axe
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolBronzeHoe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolBronzePickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolBronzeSpade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolBronzeSword.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sword
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolChainsaw.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chainsaw
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolCutter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Insulation Cutter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolDDrill.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Drill
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolDrill.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mining Drill
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolHoe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Electric Hoe
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolMeter.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST EU-Reader
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolMiningLaser.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Mining Laser
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolPainter.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolPainterBlack.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Black Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolPainterBlue.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Blue Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolPainterBrown.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Brown Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolPainterCloud.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolPainterCyan.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolPainterDarkGrey.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.itemToolPainterDarkGrey.name
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolPainterGreen.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Green Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolPainterLightGrey.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Light Grey Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolPainterLime.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Lime Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolPainterMagenta.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolPainterOrange.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Orange Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolPainterPink.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pink Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolPainterPurple.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Purple Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolPainterRed.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Red Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolPainterWhite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST White Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolPainterYellow.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolWrench.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wrench
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolWrenchElectric.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Electric Wrench
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemToolbox.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tool Box
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemTreetap.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Treetap
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemTreetapElectric.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Electric Treetap
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.itemWeedEx.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Weed-EX
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.null.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ranged OD Scanner
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorCondensator.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST RSH-Condensator
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorCondensatorLap.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST LZH-Condensator
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorCoolantSimple.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST 10k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorCoolantSix.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST 60k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorCoolantTriple.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST 30k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorHeatSwitch.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorHeatSwitchCore.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorHeatSwitchDiamond.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorHeatSwitchSpread.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Component Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorHeatpack.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Heating Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorIsotopeCell.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Depleted Isotope Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorPlating.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Plating
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorPlatingExplosive.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Containment Reactor Plating
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorPlatingHeat.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Heat-Capacity Reactor Plating
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorReflector.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorReflectorThick.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Thick Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorSteamVent.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steam Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorSteamVentCore.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Steam Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorSteamVentDiamond.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Steam Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorSteamVentGold.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Overclocked Steam Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorUraniumDual.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dual Uranium Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Quad Uranium Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorVent.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorVentCore.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorVentDiamond.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorVentGold.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Overclocked Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.reactorVentSpread.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Component Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.scrapMetalBlade.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Scrap Metal Blade
fe.protection.exist.IC2.item.scrapMetalChunk.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Scrap Metal Chunk
fe.protection.exist.IC2.noUsage.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.null.name
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.Item55ReactorCard.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST 5x5 Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergyArrayLocationCard.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Energy Array Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorKit.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Energy Sensor Kit
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorLocationCard.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemLiquidArrayLocationCard.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Liquid Array Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorKit.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Counter Sensor Kit
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorLocationCard.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Counter Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemRemoteSensorKit.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Remote Sensor Kit
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemSensorLocationCard.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTextCard.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Text Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTimeCard.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Time Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolDigitalThermometer.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Digital Thermometer
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolThermometer.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Thermometer
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Range Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.NC-BRreactorCard.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST RF Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.NC-BRrfsensorKit.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Remote RF Reactor Kit
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.remoteMonitor.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Portable Information Panel
fe.protection.exist.ImmibisPeripherals.component.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Microprocessor Core
fe.protection.exist.ImmibisPeripherals.magncard.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Mag-stripe card
fe.protection.exist.ImmibisPeripherals.rfidcard.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST RFID card
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.copperIronUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.diamondCrystalUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.woodCopperUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.woodIronUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.hammer.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.mover.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dolly
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Diamond dolly
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Storage upgrade
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Sticker
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.exist.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.Hollow_Carriage.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Hollow Carriage
fe.protection.exist.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.item.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_SimpleItemSet.*             # (default: true) EXIST Carriage Crosspiece
fe.protection.exist.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.item.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_ToolItemSet.*               # (default: true) EXIST Screwdriver
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.ItemPipeSignCreator.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crafting Sign Creator
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeBlockRequestTable.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Request Table
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidBasic.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Fluid Basic Pipe
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidExtractor.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Fluid Extractor Pipe
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidInsertion.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Fluid Insertion Pipe
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidProvider.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Fluid Provider Pipe
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidRequestLogistics.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Fluid Request Pipe
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidSatellite.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Fluid Satellite Pipe
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidSupplierMk2.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Fluid Supplier
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsApiaristAnalyser.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Bee Analyzer Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsApiaristSink.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST BeeSink Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsBasicLogistics.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Basic Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsBasicTransport.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Unrouted Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsCraftingLogistics.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Crafting Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsCraftingLogisticsMk2.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Crafting Logistics Pipe Mk2
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsCraftingLogisticsMk3.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Crafting Logistics Pipe Mk3
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsFirewall.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Firewall Pipe
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsFluidSupplier.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Fluid Container Supplier
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsInvSysConnector.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Inventory System Connector
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsProviderLogistics.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Provider Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsProviderLogisticsMk2.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Provider Logistics Pipe Mk2
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsRemoteOrdererLogistics.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Remote Orderer Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsRequestLogistics.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Request Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsRequestLogisticsMk2.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Request Logistics Pipe Mk2
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsSatelliteLogistics.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Satellite Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsSupplierLogistics.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Supplier Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsSystemDestinationLogistics.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Logistics System Destination Pipe
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsSystemEntranceLogistics.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Logistics System Entrance Pipe
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeLogisticsChassiMk1.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Chassis Mk1
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeLogisticsChassiMk2.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Chassis Mk2
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeLogisticsChassiMk3.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Chassis Mk3
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeLogisticsChassiMk4.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Chassis Mk4
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeLogisticsChassiMk5.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Chassis Mk5
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.brokenItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Broken Item
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.itemDisk.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Disk
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.itemModule.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Blank Module
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.itemUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sneaky Upgrade (UP)
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.logisticsFluidContainer.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Fluid Container
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.logisticsHUDGlasses.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Logistics HUD Glasses
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.logisticsItemCard.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Item Card
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.logisticsParts.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Logistics HUD Bow
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.pipeComponents.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Structural Pipe Frame
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.pipeController.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Pipe Controller
fe.protection.exist.LogisticsPipes.item.remoteOrdererItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Remote Orderer
fe.protection.exist.OCS.genericItem.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST .name
fe.protection.exist.OCS.sensorCard.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Proximity Sensor Card
fe.protection.exist.PowerConverters3.debugItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Power Converters Debug Probe
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_alchemical_bag.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Alchemical Bag (White)
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_arcana_ring.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Arcana
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_archangel_smite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Archangel's Smite [WIP]
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_black_hole.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Black Hole Band
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_body_stone.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Body Stone
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_catalitic_lens.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Catalytic Lens
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_covalence_dust.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Low Covalence Dust
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_destruction_catalyst.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Destruction Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_divining_rod_1.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Divining Rod (low)
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_divining_rod_2.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Divining Rod (medium)
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_divining_rod_3.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Divining Rod (high)
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_armor_0.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dark Matter Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_armor_1.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dark Matter Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_armor_2.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dark Matter Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_armor_3.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dark Matter Boots
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_axe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dark Matter Axe
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_hammer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Dark Matter Hammer
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_hoe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dark Matter Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_pick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Dark Matter Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_shears.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Dark Matter Shears
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_shovel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Dark Matter Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_sword.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Dark Matter Sword
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_evertide_amulet.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Evertide Amulet
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_fire_projectile.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.pe_fire_projectile.name
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_fuel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Alchemical Coal
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_gem_armor_0.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Gem Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_gem_armor_1.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Gem Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_gem_armor_2.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Gem Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_gem_armor_3.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Gem Boots
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_gem_density.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Gem of Eternal Density
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_harvest_god.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Harvest Goddess Band
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_hyperkinetic_lens.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Hyperkinetic Lens
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_ignition.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ignition Ring
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_klein_star.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Klein Star Ein
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_lava_orb.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lava Orb
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_lens_explosive.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Explosive Lens
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_life_stone.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Life Stone
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_loot_ball.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Loot Ball
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_manual.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Book of the Alchemist [WIP]
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_matter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dark Matter
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_mercurial_eye.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mercurial Eye
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_mind_stone.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Mind Stone
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_philosophers_stone.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Philosopher's Stone
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_randomizer.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Randomizer Orb
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_repair_talisman.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Repair Talisman
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_ring_iron_band.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Iron Band
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_armor_0.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Red Matter Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_armor_1.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Red Matter Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_armor_2.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Red Matter Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_armor_3.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Red Matter Boots
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_axe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Red Matter Axe
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_hammer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Red Matter Hammer
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_hoe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Red Matter Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_katar.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Red Katar
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_morning_star.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Red Morningstar
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_pick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Red Matter Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_shears.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Red Matter Shears
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_shovel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Red Matter Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_sword.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Red Matter Sword
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_soul_stone.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Soul Stone
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_swrg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Swiftwolf's Rending Gale
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_time_watch.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Watch of Flowing Time
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_tome.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tome of Knowledge
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_transmutation_tablet.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Transmutation Tablet
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_void_ring.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Void Ring
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_volcanite_amulet.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Volcanite Amulet
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_water_orb.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Water Orb
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_wind_projectile.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.pe_wind_projectile.name
fe.protection.exist.ProjectE.item.pe_zero_ring.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Zero Ring
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.steel.boots.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.steel.helmet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.steel.legs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.steel.plate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t1.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t2.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Woven Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t1.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t2.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Woven Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t1.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t2.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Woven Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.anchor.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Anchor Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.anchor.admin.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Admin Anchor Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.anchor.personal.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Personal Anchor Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.energy.batbox.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Batbox Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.energy.cesu.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST CESU Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.energy.mfe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST MFE Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gift Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tank Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.tnt.wood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Work Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.dust.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Emblem
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cut Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raw Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Refined Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Can
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Cell
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Steam Bottle
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Coal Coke
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bleached Clay
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Controller Circuit
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Standard Rail
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Rebar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Signal Lamp
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Tie
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Blade
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Disk
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Routing Table
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Railway Ticket
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Electric Meter
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Signal Tuner
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.axe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Axe
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.hoe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Hoe
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.pickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.shears.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shears
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.shovel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.sword.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Sword
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.upgrade.lapotron.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Lapotron Loader Upgrade.name
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.armor.bootsFlux.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Boots
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.armor.helmetFlux.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Helm
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.armor.legsFlux.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Leggings
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.armor.plateFlux.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.material.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fluxed Electrum Blend
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.tool.axeFlux.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Axe
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.tool.battleWrenchFlux.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused BattleWrench
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.tool.bowFlux.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Bow
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.tool.fishingRodFlux.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.tool.pickaxeFlux.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.tool.shovelFlux.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Shovel
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.tool.sickleFlux.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Sickle
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.tool.swordFlux.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Sword
fe.protection.exist.RedstoneArsenal.tool.wrenchFlux.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused OmniWrench
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.mirror.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Mirror
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.solarCell1.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Photovoltaic cell I
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.solarCell2.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Photovoltaic cell II
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.solarCell3.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Photovoltaic cell III
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.solarCell4.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Photovoltaic cell IV
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.upgradeBlank.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blank upgrade
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.upgradeCapacity.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Capacity upgrade
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.upgradeEfficiency.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Efficiency upgrade
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.upgradeFurnace.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Furnace upgrade
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.upgradeLowLight.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Low light upgrade
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.upgradeTransferRate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Transfer rate upgrade
fe.protection.exist.SolarFlux.upgradeTraversal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Machine traversal upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Tubestuff.uselessItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Retriever Jammer
fe.protection.exist.additionalpipes.dogDeaggravator.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Dog Deaggravator
fe.protection.exist.additionalpipes.item.PipeItemsTeleport.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Item Teleport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.additionalpipes.item.PipeLiquidsTeleport.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Teleport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.additionalpipes.item.PipeLogisticsTeleport.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Teleport Pipe [WIP]
fe.protection.exist.additionalpipes.item.PipePowerTeleport.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Power Teleport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsaddition.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Addition Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsadvancedinsertion.*             # (default: true) EXIST [Deprecated] Insertion Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsadvancedwood.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Adv. Wooden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsclosed.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Closed Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdistributor.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Distribution Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsgravityfeed.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Gravity Feed Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsjeweled.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Jeweled Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemspriorityinsertion.*             # (default: true) EXIST Priority Insertion Pipe
fe.protection.exist.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeliquidsobsidian.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeliquidswaterpump.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Water Pump Pipe
fe.protection.exist.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeswitchfluids.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Switch Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeswitchitems.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Switch Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeswitchpower.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Switch Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedAluminum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Aluminum Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedCopper.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Copper Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedGold.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Gold Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedIron.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedLead.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Lead Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedNickel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPlatinum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedAluminum.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Aluminum Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedNickel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedPlatinum.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedSteel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Steel Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedTungsten.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedUranium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Uranium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedYellorium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedZinc.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedSilver.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Silver Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedSteel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Steel Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedTin.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Tin Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedTungsten.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedUranium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Uranium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedYellorium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedZinc.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustImpurePlatinum.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Impure Platinum Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustImpureSteel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Impure Steel Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustImpureTungsten.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Impure Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustImpureUranium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Impure Uranium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustImpureYellorium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Impure Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustImpureZinc.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Impure Zinc Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustSteel.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Steel Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyAluminum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Aluminum Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyNickel.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Nickel Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyPlatinum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Platinum Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinySteel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Steel Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyTungsten.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyUranium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Uranium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyYellorium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyZinc.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Zinc Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTungsten.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.groundPlatinum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ground Platinum Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.groundSteel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ground Steel Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.groundTungsten.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ground Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.groundUranium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ground Uranium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.groundYellorium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ground Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.groundZinc.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ground Zinc Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.orePlatinum.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreSteel.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Steel Ore
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.amethyst_axe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Axe
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.amethyst_gem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.amethyst_hoe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Hoe
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.amethyst_pickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.amethyst_saw.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Saw
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.amethyst_shovel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Shovel
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.amethyst_sickle.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Sickle
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.amethyst_sword.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Sword
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.athame.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Athame
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.blue_alloy_ingot.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Blue Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.blue_doped_wafer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Blue Doped Wafer
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.bluestone_anode_tile.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bluestone Anode Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.bluestone_cathode_tile.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bluestone Cathode Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.bluestone_pointer_tile.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bluestone Pointer Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.bluestone_wire_tile.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bluestone Wire Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.brass_ingot.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Brass Ingot
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.canvas.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Canvas
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.canvas_bag.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Black Canvas Bag
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.copper_ingot.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Copper Ingot
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.copper_wire.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fine Copper Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.diamond_drawplate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Drawplate
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.diamond_sickle.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.flax_seeds.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Flax Seeds
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.gold_sickle.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Gold Sickle
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.indigo_dye.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Indigo Dye
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.infused_teslatite_dust.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Infused Teslatite Dust
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.iron_sickle.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Sickle
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.iron_wire.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Fine Iron Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.lumar.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST White Lumar
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.paint_brush.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Black Paint Brush
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.paint_can.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Black Paint Can
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.accelerator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Accelerator
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.and.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST AND Gate
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.buffer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Buffer Gate
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.black.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Black Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.black.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Black Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.blue.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.blue.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.brown.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Brown Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.brown.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Brown Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.cyan.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.cyan.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Cyan Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.gray.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.gray.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.green.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Green Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.green.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Green Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_blue.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_blue.inverted.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Light Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_gray.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_gray.inverted.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Light Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.lime.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Lime Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.lime.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Lime Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.magenta.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.magenta.inverted.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Magenta Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.orange.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Orange Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.orange.inverted.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Orange Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.pink.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pink Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.pink.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Pink Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.purple.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Purple Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.purple.inverted.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Purple Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.red.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Red Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.red.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Red Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.white.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.white.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Inverted White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.yellow.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.cagelamp.yellow.inverted.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Yellow Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.comparator.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Comparator
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.counter.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Counter
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.black.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Black Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.black.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Black Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.blue.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Blue Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.blue.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Blue Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.brown.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Brown Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.brown.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Brown Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.cyan.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.cyan.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Cyan Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.gray.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Gray Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.gray.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Gray Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.green.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Green Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.green.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Green Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.light_blue.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.light_blue.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Light Blue Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.light_gray.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.light_gray.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Light Gray Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.lime.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Lime Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.lime.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Lime Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.magenta.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.magenta.inverted.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Magenta Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.orange.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Orange Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.orange.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Orange Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.pink.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Pink Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.pink.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Pink Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.purple.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Purple Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.purple.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Purple Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.red.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Red Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.red.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Red Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.white.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST White Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.white.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Inverted White Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.yellow.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.fixture.yellow.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Inverted Yellow Fixture
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit3x3.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST 3x3 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit5x5.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST 5x5 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit7x7.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST 7x7 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.inverter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Inverter
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.lightCell.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Light Sensor
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.magTube.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Magtube
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.multiplexer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Multiplexer
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.nand.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST NAND Gate
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.nor.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST NOR Gate
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.not.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST NOT Gate
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.nullcell.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Null Cell
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.or.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST OR Gate
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.pneumaticTube.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pneumatic Tube
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.pneumaticTubeOpaque.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Opaque Pneumatic Tube
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.pulseformer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Pulse Former
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.randomizer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Randomizer
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.regulabletorch.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Regulable Torch
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.repeater.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Repeater
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.restrictionTube.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Restriction Tube
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.restrictionTubeOpaque.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Opaque Restriction Tube
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.rs.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST RS Latch
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.sequencer.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sequencer
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.state.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST State Cell
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.synchronizer.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Synchronizer
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.timer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Timer
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.toggle.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Toggle Latch
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.transparent.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Transparent Latch
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.black.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Black Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.blue.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Blue Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.brown.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Brown Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.black.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Black Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.blue.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Blue Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.brown.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Brown Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.cyan.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.gray.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Gray Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.green.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Green Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.light_blue.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.light_gray.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.lime.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Lime Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.magenta.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.orange.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Orange Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.pink.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Pink Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.purple.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Purple Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.red.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Red Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.white.*                                # (default: true) EXIST White Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.yellow.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.cyan.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.gray.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gray Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.green.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Green Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.light_blue.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.light_gray.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.lime.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lime Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.magenta.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.orange.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Orange Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.pink.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pink Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.purple.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Purple Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.red.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Red Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.white.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST White Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.yellow.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.black.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Black Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.blue.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Blue Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.brown.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Brown Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.black.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Black Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.blue.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Blue Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.brown.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Brown Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.cyan.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.gray.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Gray Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.green.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Green Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.light_blue.*              # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.light_gray.*              # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.lime.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Lime Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.magenta.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.orange.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Orange Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.pink.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Pink Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.purple.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Purple Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.red.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Red Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.white.*                   # (default: true) EXIST White Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.yellow.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.cyan.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.gray.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Gray Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.green.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Green Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.light_blue.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.light_gray.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.lime.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Lime Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.magenta.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.orange.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Orange Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.pink.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Pink Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.purple.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Purple Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.red.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Red Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.white.*                           # (default: true) EXIST White Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.yellow.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.black.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Black Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.blue.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Blue Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.brown.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Brown Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.black.*            # (default: true) EXIST Black Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.blue.*             # (default: true) EXIST Blue Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.brown.*            # (default: true) EXIST Brown Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.cyan.*             # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.gray.*             # (default: true) EXIST Gray Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.green.*            # (default: true) EXIST Green Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_blue.*       # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_gray.*       # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.lime.*             # (default: true) EXIST Lime Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.magenta.*          # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.orange.*           # (default: true) EXIST Orange Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.pink.*             # (default: true) EXIST Pink Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.purple.*           # (default: true) EXIST Purple Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.red.*              # (default: true) EXIST Red Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.white.*            # (default: true) EXIST White Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.yellow.*           # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.cyan.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.gray.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Gray Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.green.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Green Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.light_blue.*               # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.light_gray.*               # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.lime.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Lime Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.magenta.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.orange.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Orange Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.pink.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Pink Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.purple.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Purple Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.red.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Red Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.white.*                    # (default: true) EXIST White Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.yellow.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.black.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Black Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.blue.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Blue Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.brown.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Brown Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.black.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Black Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.blue.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Blue Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.brown.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Brown Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.cyan.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.gray.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Gray Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.green.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Green Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.light_blue.*               # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.light_gray.*               # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.lime.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Lime Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.magenta.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.orange.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Orange Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.pink.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Pink Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.purple.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Purple Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.red.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Red Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.white.*                    # (default: true) EXIST White Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.yellow.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.cyan.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.gray.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Gray Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.green.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Green Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.light_blue.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.light_gray.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.lime.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Lime Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.magenta.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.orange.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Orange Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.pink.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Pink Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.purple.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Purple Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.red.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Red Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.white.*                            # (default: true) EXIST White Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.yellow.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.black.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Black Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.blue.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blue Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.brown.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Brown Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.black.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Black Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.blue.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Blue Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.brown.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Brown Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.cyan.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.gray.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Gray Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.green.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Green Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_blue.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_gray.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.lime.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Lime Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.magenta.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.orange.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Orange Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.pink.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Pink Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.purple.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Purple Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.red.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Red Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.white.*                         # (default: true) EXIST White Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.yellow.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.cyan.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.gray.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Gray Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.green.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Green Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.light_blue.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.light_gray.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.lime.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lime Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.magenta.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.orange.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Orange Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.pink.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pink Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.purple.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Purple Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.red.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Red Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.white.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST White Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.yellow.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.black.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Black Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.blue.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Blue Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.brown.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Brown Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.black.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Black Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.blue.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blue Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.brown.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Brown Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.cyan.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.gray.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Gray Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.green.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Green Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.light_blue.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.light_gray.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.lime.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lime Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.magenta.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.orange.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Orange Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.pink.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pink Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.purple.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Purple Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.red.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Red Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.white.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST White Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.yellow.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.cyan.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.gray.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Gray Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.green.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Green Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.light_blue.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.light_gray.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.lime.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lime Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.magenta.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.orange.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Orange Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.pink.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pink Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.purple.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Purple Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.red.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Red Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.white.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST White Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.yellow.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Digital Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.analog.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Analog Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.analog.bundled.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Analog Bundled Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.bundled.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Digital Bundled Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.xnor.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST XNOR Gate
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.part.xor.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST XOR Gate
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.purple_alloy_ingot.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Purple Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.quartz_resonator_tile.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Resonator Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.red_alloy_ingot.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Red Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.red_doped_wafer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Red Doped Wafer
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.redstone_anode_tile.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Anode Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.redstone_cathode_tile.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Cathode Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.redstone_pointer_tile.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Pointer Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.redstone_wire_tile.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Wire Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.ruby_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Axe
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.ruby_gem.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ruby
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.ruby_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Hoe
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.ruby_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.ruby_saw.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Saw
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.ruby_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Shovel
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.ruby_sickle.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Sickle
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.ruby_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Sword
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.sapphire_axe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Axe
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.sapphire_gem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.sapphire_hoe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Hoe
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.sapphire_pickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.sapphire_saw.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Saw
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.sapphire_shovel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Shovel
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.sapphire_sickle.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Sickle
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.sapphire_sword.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Sword
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.screwdriver.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Screwdriver
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.screwdriver_handle.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Screwdriver Handle
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.seed_bag.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Seed Bag
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.silicon_boule.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Boule
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.silicon_chip_tile.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Chip Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.silicon_wafer.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Wafer
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.silky_screwdriver.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Silky Screwdriver
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.silver_ingot.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Silver Ingot
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.stone_bundle.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Stone Bundle Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.stone_sickle.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Stone Sickle
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.stone_tile.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Stone Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.tainted_silicon_chip_tile.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tainted Silicon Chip Tile
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.teslatite_dust.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Teslatite
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.tungsten_ingot.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Ingot
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.tungsten_nugget.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Nugget
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.wood_sickle.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.wool_card.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wool Card
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.zinc_dust.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Dust
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.zinc_ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Ingot
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.zinc_ore_crushed.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.zinc_ore_purified.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.zinc_tiny_dust.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Zinc Dust
fe.protection.exist.bluepower.zincplate.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Plate
fe.protection.exist.computronics.computronics.parts.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tape Track
fe.protection.exist.computronics.computronics.relaySensor.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Digital Relay Sensor
fe.protection.exist.computronics.computronics.tape.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cassette Tape
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.Blank_Module.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blank Module
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.Dust.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Quicklime
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.Engineer's_Wrench.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Wrench
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.Module.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Blank
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.Nutrient_Water_Bucket.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Nutrient Water Bucket
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.Redstone_Wand.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Wand
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.Slickwater_Bucket.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Slickwater Bucket
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.Socket_Remote.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Socket Remote
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.ash.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ash
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.bluestone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bluestone
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.chainSheet.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Chain Sheet
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.circuit.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Electronic Circuit
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.fenceWire.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fence Wire
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.gasMask.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gas Mask
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.gem.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Emery
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.handBoiler.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Hand Boiler
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.hempCap.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Hemp Cap
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.hempOil.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Hemp Seed Oil
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.hempPants.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Hemp Pants
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.hempPlant.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Hemp
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.hempSeeds.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Hemp Seeds
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.hempShoes.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Hemp Shoes
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.hempTunic.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Hemp Tunic
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.ingot.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Aluminium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Black.name.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Black Spray Paint
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Blue.name.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Blue Spray Paint
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Brown.name.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Brown Spray Paint
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Cyan.name.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Spray Paint
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Gray.name.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gray Spray Paint
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Green.name.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Green Spray Paint
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Light_Blue.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Spray Paint
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Light_Gray.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Light Gray Spray Paint
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Lime.name.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Lime Spray Paint
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Magenta.name.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Spray Paint
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Orange.name.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Orange Spray Paint
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Pink.name.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pink Spray Paint
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Purple.name.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Purple Spray Paint
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Red.name.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Red Spray Paint
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.White.name.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST White Spray Paint
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Yellow.name.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Spray Paint
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.psu.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Power Management Device
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.rsIngot.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Redstone Ingot
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.smokeGrenade.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Smoke Grenade
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.vial.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Empty Gas Vial
fe.protection.exist.eng_toolbox.vialFilled.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Natural Gas Vial
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.ApiaryUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Production Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.BeeReceptacle.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bee Receptacle
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.ClimateModule.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Climate Control Module
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.EjectCover.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Item Eject Cover
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.EnvProcessor.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Enviromental Processor
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.ErrorSensorCover.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Error Sensor Cover
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.GeneSample.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Gene Sample
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.GeneSampleBlank.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blank Gene Sample
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.GeneTemplate.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Genetic Template
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.GeneticsProcessor.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Genetics Processor
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.HiveSpawnDebugger.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hive Spawning Debugger
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.HoneyComb.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST invalid.name
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.HoneyDrop.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST invalid.name
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.ImportCover.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Item Import Cover
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.IndustrialGrafter.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Industrial Grafter
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.IndustrialScoop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Scooporator MX200 Turbo
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.Labware.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Genetics Labware
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.LiquidDNABucket.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Liquid DNA Bucket
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.LiquidDNACan.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Liquid DNA Can
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.MutagenBucket.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Mutagen Bucket
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.MutagenCan.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mutagen Can
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.MutagenTank.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mutagen Tank
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.PollenKit.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pollen Collection Kit
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.PowerModule.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Power Module
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.ProteinBucket.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Protein Bucket
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.ProteinCan.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Protein Can
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.UpgradeFrame.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Frame
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.Waste.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Genetic Waste
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.apple.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.arrow.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Arrow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Baked Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bed.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bed
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beef.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Raw Beef
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Powder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.boat.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bone.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.book.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bow.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bowl.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bowl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bread.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bread
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Brewing Stand
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brick.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cake.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cake
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cauldron
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chain Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chain Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Chain Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Chest Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chicken.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Raw Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Clay
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clock.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Clock
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.coal.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Coal
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.comparator.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.compass.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Compass
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Steak
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cookie.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cookie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dye.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ink Sac
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.egg.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.emerald.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Emerald
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Eye of Ender
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pearl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.feather.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Feather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fire Charge
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Firework Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Firework Rocket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fish.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Raw Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Flint
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Flint and Steel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Flower Pot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Furnace Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ghast Tear
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Glass Bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Gold Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Gold Nugget
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Golden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Golden Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Golden Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Golden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Golden Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Golden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gunpowder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hopper Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iron Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Item Frame
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lava Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lead.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lead
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Leather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Leather Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Leather Tunic
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Leather Cap
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Leather Pants
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Magma Cream
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.map.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Empty Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Melon Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Milk
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.minecart.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Minecart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Name Tag
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Nether Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Nether Wart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Nether Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.painting.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Painting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.paper.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Paper
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potato.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potion.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Water Bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.quartz.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_11.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_13.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_far.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_strad.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.redstone.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Redstone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.reeds.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sugar Canes
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.repeater.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.saddle.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Saddle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shears.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Shears
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sign.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sign
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.skull.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Slimeball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.snowball.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Snowball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Spawn
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Glistering Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stick.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Stone Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Stone Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.string.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST String
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sugar.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sugar
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST TNT Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Water Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wheat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Book and Quill
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.written_book.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Written Book
fe.protection.exist.powersuits.item.powerArmorBoots.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Power Armor Boots
fe.protection.exist.powersuits.item.powerArmorChestplate.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Power Armor Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.powersuits.item.powerArmorHelmet.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Power Armor Helmet
fe.protection.exist.powersuits.item.powerArmorLeggings.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Power Armor Leggings
fe.protection.exist.powersuits.item.powerFist.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Power Fist
fe.protection.exist.powersuits.powerArmorComponent.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wiring
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_ArrowBundle.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Arrow Bundle
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_BoxOfFlintDust.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Box of Flint Dust
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_ColdIronClip.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cold Iron Clip
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_EnderQuartzMagazine.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Ender Quartz Clip
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_GoldMagazine.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Gold Magazine
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_LapisMagazine.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Magazine
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_LargeNetherrackMagazine.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Large Netherrack Magazine
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_LargeRedstoneMagazine.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Large Redstone Magazine
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_LargeRocket.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Big Rocket
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_ObsidianMagazine.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Magazine
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_Part_SEBarrel.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sugar Engine Barrel
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_Part_SEBody.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sugar Engine Main Body
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_RedstoneMagazine.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Magazine
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_RocketBundle.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Rocket Bundle
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_SeedJar.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Seed Jar
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_SugarMagazine.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Clip of Sugar Rods
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_ThornMagazine.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Thorn Magazine
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_TurretSpawner.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Packed Up Arms Assistant
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_AATargeter.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Arms Assistant Targeting Helper
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_AquaAccelerator.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Aqua Accelerator
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CoinTosser.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Coin Tosser
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CoinTosser_Mod.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Modified Coin Tosser
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_Crossbow.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Compact Crossbow
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CrossbowAuto.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Auto-Crossbow
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CrossbowAutoImp.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Improved Auto-Crossbow
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CrossbowBlaze.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Crossbow
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CrossbowDouble.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Double Crossbow
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_DragonBox.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dragon Box
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_DragonBox_Quad.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Four-Headed Dragon Box
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_ERA.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ender Rail Accelerator
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_EnderBow.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ender Bow
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_EnderNymous.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Hidden Ender Pistol
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_EnderRifle.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ender Rifle
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_FenFire.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Fen Fire
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_FlintDuster.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Flint Duster
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_FrostLancer.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Frost Lancer
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_LapisCoil.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Coil
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_LightningRed.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Lightning Red
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_MortarArrow.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Arrow Mortar
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_MortarRocket.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Dragon Mortar
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_NetherBellows.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Nether Bellows
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_OSP.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Splinter Pistol
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_OSR.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Spear Rifle
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_OWR.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Wither Rifle
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_Potatosser.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Potatosser
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_PowderKnuckle.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Powder Knuckle
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_PowderKnuckle_Mod.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Modified Powder Knuckle
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_ProxyNeedler.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Proximity Thorn Thrower
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_QuiverBow.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bow with Quiver
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_RPG.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Fireworks Rocket Launcher
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_RPG_Imp.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Improved Rocket Launcher
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_RayOfHope.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ray Of Hope
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_Redsprayer.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Sprayer
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_SeedSweeper.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Seed Sweeper
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_Seedling.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Seedling
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_SilkenSpinner.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Silken Spinner
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_SnowCannon.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Snow Cannon
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_SoulCairn.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Soul Cairn
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_SugarEngine.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sugar Engine
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_Sunray.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Sunray
fe.protection.exist.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_ThornSpitter.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Thorn Spitter
fe.protection.exist.zettaindustries.acidbucket.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Sulfurous Acid
fe.protection.exist.zettaindustries.backpack.creativeT1.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Creative Backpack
fe.protection.exist.zettaindustries.backpack.creativeT2.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Creative Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.zettaindustries.backpack.engineeringT1.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.zettaindustries.backpack.engineeringT2.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.zettaindustries.backpack.opencomputersT1.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST OpenComputers Backpack
fe.protection.exist.zettaindustries.backpack.opencomputersT2.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST OpenComputers Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.zettaindustries.zettaindustries.fakeitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.null.name
fe.protection.inventory.*                                                                        # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be dropped if not allowed.
fe.protection.inventory.BigReactors.BRDebugTool.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY BeefTronicâ„¢ Diagnostics Tool
fe.protection.inventory.BigReactors.BRIngot.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellorium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.BigReactors.bucketCyanite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Cyanite Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.BigReactors.bucketYellorium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Yellorium Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Builders.blueprintItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueprint
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Builders.templateItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Template
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Compat.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemspropolis.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.debugger.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Debugger
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.diamondGearItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Gear
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.goldGearItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Gear
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.ironGearItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Gear
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.list.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY List
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.mapLocation.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Map Location
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.paintbrush.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Paintbrush
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.stoneGearItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Gear
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.woodenGearItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Gear
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.wrenchItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketFuel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketOil.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Oil Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Robotics.redstone_board.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Board
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Robotics.robot.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Robot
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Robotics.robotStation.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Docking Station
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Silicon.package.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Package
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneChipset.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Chipset
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneCrystal.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.gateCopier.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gate Copier
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsclay.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidscobblestone.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobblestone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsdiamond.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsemerald.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsgold.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsiron.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsquartz.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidssandstone.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sandstone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsstone.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsvoid.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidswood.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsclay.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemscobblestone.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobblestone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdaizuli.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Daizuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdiamond.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemerald.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemzuli.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Emzuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsgold.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsiron.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemslapis.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Lazuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsobsidian.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsquartz.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemssandstone.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sandstone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstone.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstripes.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Stripes Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsvoid.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemswood.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowercobblestone.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobblestone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerdiamond.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweremerald.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowergold.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweriron.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerquartz.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowersandstone.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sandstone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerstone.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerwood.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipestructurecobblestone.*      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobblestone Structure Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeFacade.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Facade: CORRUPT
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeGate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Gate
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeLens.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lens (Black)
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePlug.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pipe Plug
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePowerAdapter.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Adapter
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWaterproof.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pipe Sealant
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWire.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Pipe Wire
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraft.disk.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Floppy Disk
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraft.diskExpanded.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Floppy Disk
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraft.pocketComputer.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pocket Computer
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraft.printout.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Printed Page
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraft.treasureDisk.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Floppy Disk
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.and.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY And
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.attack.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Attack
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.attackDown.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Attack Down
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.attackUp.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Attack Up
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.block.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Name
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.break.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Break
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.comment.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Comment
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.compare.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Compare
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.compareDown.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Compare Down
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.compareUp.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Compare Up
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.detect.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Detect
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.detectDown.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Detect Down
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.detectUp.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Detect Up
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.dig.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dig
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.digDown.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Dig Down
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.digUp.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dig Up
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.dividedBy.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Divided By
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.do.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Do
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.drop.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Drop Items
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.dropDown.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Drop Items Down
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.dropUp.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Drop Items Up
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.else.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Else
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.elseIf.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Else If
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.end.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY End
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.equalTo.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Equals
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.equipLeft.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Swap Left Tool
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.equipRight.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Swap Right Tool
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.exportedProgramDisk.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Program Disk
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.false.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY False
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.for.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY For
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.getItemCount.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Count
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.greaterThan.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Is Greater Than
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.greaterThanOrEqualTo.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Is Greater Than Or Equal To
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.if.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY If
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.inspect.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Inspect Block
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.inspectDown.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Inspect Block Below
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.inspectSlot.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Inspect Item
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.inspectUp.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Inspect Block Above
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.item.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Name
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.lessThan.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Is Less Than
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.lessThanOrEqualTo.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Is Less Than Or Equal To
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.minus.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Minus
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.moveBack.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Move Back
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.moveDown.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Move Down
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.moveForward.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Move Forward
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.moveUp.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Move Up
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.not.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Not
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.notEqualTo.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Does Not Equal
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.number.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Number
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.or.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Or
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.place.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Place
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.placeDown.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Place Down
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.placeUp.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Place Up
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.plus.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Plus
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.programDisk.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Run Program
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.queryRedstone.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Detect Redstone
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.queryRedstoneDown.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Detect Redstone Down
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.queryRedstoneUp.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Detect Redstone Up
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.random.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Random Boolean
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.randomNumber.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Random Number:
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.repeat.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Repeat
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.say.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Say:
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.select.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Select Slot:
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.setRedstone.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Set Redstone:
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.setRedstoneDown.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Set Redstone Down:
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.setRedstoneUp.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Set Redstone Up:
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.string.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY String
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.suck.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Take Items
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.suckDown.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Take Items From Below
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.suckUp.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Take Items From Above
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.then.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Then
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.times.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Multiplied By
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.to.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY To
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.true.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY True
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.turnLeft.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Turn Left
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.turnRight.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Turn Right
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleRemote.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Turtle Remote Control
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.variable.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Variable
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraftEdu.while.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY While
fe.protection.inventory.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.adventurerBag.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Adventurer's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.adventurerBagT2.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Adventurer's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.ambrosia.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ambrosia
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apatite.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Apatite
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apiaristBag.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apiaristBoots.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Shoes
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apiaristChest.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Shirt
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apiaristHelmet.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Hat
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apiaristLegs.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Pants
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.ash.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ash
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beeCombs.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Comb
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beeDroneGE.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.for.beeDroneGE.name
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beeLarvaeGE.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.for.beeLarvaeGE.name
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beePrincessGE.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Princess
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beeQueenGE.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Queen
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beealyzer.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Beealyzer
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beeswax.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Beeswax
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beverage.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Short Mead
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bituminousPeat.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bituminous Peat
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.brokenBronzePickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Broken Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.brokenBronzeShovel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Broken Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bronzePickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Survivalist's Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bronzeShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Survivalist's Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketBiomass.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Biomass Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketEthanol.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethanol Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketGlass.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Glass Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketHoney.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketIce.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Ice Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketJuice.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Juice Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketSeedoil.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Oil Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketShortMead.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Short Mead Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.builderBag.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Builder's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.builderBagT2.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Builder's WovenBackpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.butterflyGE.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY ???
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canBiomass.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Biomass Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canEmpty.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canEthanol.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethanol Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canFuel.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canHoney.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canIce.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canJuice.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Juice Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canLava.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canOil.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Oil Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canSeedOil.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Oil Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canWater.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.carton.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Carton
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.catalogue.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Catalogue
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.caterpillarGE.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY ???
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.chipsets.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Circuit Board
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.craftingMaterial.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pulsating Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.crate.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crate
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedAcaciaSapling.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedAcaciaWood.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedApatite.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedApples.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedAsh.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBeeswax.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBirchSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBirchWood.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBogearth.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBrass.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBrick.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBronze.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCacti.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCarrots.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCharcoal.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCherry.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedChestnut.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedClay.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCoal.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCobblestone.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCocoaComb.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCookies.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCopper.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedDarkOakSapling.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedDarkOakWood.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedDates.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedDirt.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedDrippingCombs.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedFertilizer.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedFrozenCombs.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedGlowstone.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedGravel.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedHoneycombs.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedHoneydew.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedHumus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedJungleSapling.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedJungleWood.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedLapis.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedLemon.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedMellowCombs.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedMossyCombs.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedMulch.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedMycelium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedMysteriousCombs.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNetherbrick.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNetherrack.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNetherwart.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedObsidian.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPapaya.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedParchedCombs.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPeat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPhosphor.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPlum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPodzol.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPollen.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPotatoes.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPowderyCombs.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPropolis.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedRedSand.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedRedstone.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedReeds.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedRefractoryWax.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedResin.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedRoyalJelly.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedRubber.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSand.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSandstone.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSaplings.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedScrap.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSeeds.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSilkyCombs.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSilver.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSimmeringCombs.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSoulsand.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSpruceSapling.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSpruceWood.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedStone.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedStringyCombs.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedTin.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedUUM.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedWalnut.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedWheat.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedWheatenCombs.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedWood.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.decayingWheat.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Decaying Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.diggerBag.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Digger's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.diggerBagT2.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Digger's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.fertilizerBio.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Compost
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.fertilizerCompound.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fertilizer
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.flutterlyzer.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Flutterlyzer
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.foresterBag.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Forester's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.foresterBagT2.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Forester's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.frameImpregnated.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Impregnated Frame
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.frameProven.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Proven Frame
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.frameUntreated.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Untreated Frame
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.fruits.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.gearBronze.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Gear
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.gearCopper.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Gear
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.gearTin.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Gear
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.grafter.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Grafter
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.grafterProven.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Proven Grafter
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.habitatLocator.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Habitat Locator
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.hardenedMachine.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Casing
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.honeyDrop.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Drop
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.honeyPot.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Pot
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.honeydew.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeydew
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.honeyedSlice.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeyed Slice
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.hunterBag.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hunter's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.hunterBagT2.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Hunter's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.impregnatedCasing.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Impregnated Casing
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.imprinter.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Imprinter
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.infuser.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Infuser
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.ingotBronze.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.ingotCopper.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.ingotTin.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.iodineCapsule.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iodine Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.kitPickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe Kit
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.kitShovel.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel Kit
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.lepidopteristBag.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lepidopterist's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.letters.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Letter
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.minerBag.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Miner's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.minerBagT2.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Miner's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.mouldyWheat.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mouldy Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.mulch.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mulch
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.naturalistHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectacles
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.oakStick.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Impregnated Stick
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.peat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Peat
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.phosphor.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Phosphor
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.pipette.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pipette
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.pollen.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.pollenFertile.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.propolis.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Propolis
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryBiomass.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryEmpty.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Refractory Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryEthanol.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryFuel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryHoney.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryIce.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryJuice.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Juice Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryLava.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryOil.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Oil Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractorySeedOil.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryWater.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryWax.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Refractory Wax
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.researchNote.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sengir's Notes
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.royalJelly.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Royal Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.sapling.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.scoop.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Scoop
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.serumGE.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY ???
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.solderingIron.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Soldering Iron
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.stamps.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Stamp (1n)
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.sturdyMachine.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sturdy Casing
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.thermionicTubes.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Electron Tube
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.treealyzer.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Treealyzer
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsule.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wax Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleBiomass.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleEthanol.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleFuel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleHoney.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleIce.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleJuice.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Juice Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleOil.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Oil Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleSeedOil.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleWater.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCast.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wax Cast
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.woodPulp.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Pulp
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.wrench.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Unnamed
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Rod
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.beer.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Zero
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.coffee.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cold Coffee
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.fluid.steam.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.ic2cable.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Cable
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.ic2upgrades.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Overclocker Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemAdvancedSolarHelmet.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Solar Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorAlloyChestplate.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Composite Vest
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorBatpack.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY BatPack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorBronzeBoots.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Boots
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorBronzeChestplate.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorBronzeHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorBronzeLegs.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorCFPack.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY CF Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorHazmatChestplate.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hazmat Suit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorHazmatHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Scuba Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorHazmatLeggings.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Hazmat Suit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorJetpack.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorJetpackElectric.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorJetpackNuclear.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Nuclear Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorLappack.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lappack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorNanoBoots.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY NanoSuit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorNanoChestplate.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY NanoSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorNanoHelmet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY NanoSuit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorNanoLegs.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY NanoSuit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorQuantumBoots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY QuantumSuit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorQuantumChestplate.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY QuantumSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorQuantumHelmet.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY QuantumSuit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorQuantumLegs.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemArmorQuantumLegs.name
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemArmorRubBoots.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Rubber Boots
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemBarrel.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemBatCrystal.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemBatLamaCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemBatRE.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY RE-Battery
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemBatRECharged.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY RE-Battery Charged
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemBatSU.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Single-Use Battery
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemBlackTea.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Tea
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemCellAir.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Air Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemCellBio.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bio Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemCellBioRef.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Biofuel Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemCellCoal.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY H. Coal Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemCellCoalRef.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Coalfuel Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemCellEmpty.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemCellHydrant.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hydration Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemCellLava.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemCellUranEmpty.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Near-depleted Uranium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemCellUranEnriched.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Re-Enriched Uranium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemCellWater.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemCellWaterElectro.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrolyzed Water Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemCoffeeBeans.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee Beans
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemCoffeePowder.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee Powder
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemCoin.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Industrial Credit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemColdTea.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cold Tea
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemCoolant.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemCoolant.name
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemCropSeed.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed is missing data - bug?
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemCropanalyzer.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cropnalyzer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemDebug.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Debug Item
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemDoorAlloy.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Door
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemDustBronze.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Dust
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemDustClay.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Dust
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemDustCoal.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemDustCopper.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Dust
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemDustGold.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Dust
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemDustIron.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemDustIronSmall.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemDustSilver.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Dust
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemDustTin.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Dust
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemDynamite.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dynamite
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemDynamiteSticky.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sticky Dynamite
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemFertilizer.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Fertilizer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemFoamSprayer.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY CF Sprayer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemFreq.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Frequency Transmitter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemFuelCan.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Filled Fuel Can
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemFuelCanEmpty.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY (Empty) Fuel Can
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemFuelCoalCmpr.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY H. Coal
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemFuelCoalDust.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hydrated Coal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemFuelPlantBall.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Plantball
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemFuelPlantCmpr.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Plants
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemGrinPowder.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Grin Powder
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemHarz.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Sticky Resin
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemHops.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hops
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemIceTea.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Tea
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemIngotAdvIron.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Iron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemIngotAlloy.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Mixed Metal Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemIngotBronze.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemIngotCopper.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemIngotSilver.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemIngotTin.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemIngotUran.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Uranium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemMatter.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY UU-Matter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemMugEmpty.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Mug
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemNanoSaber.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Nano Saber
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemNanoSaberActive.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Nano Saber
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemNightvisionGoggles.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nightvision Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemObsidianBlade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Blade
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemObsidianDust.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemOreIridium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemOreUran.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemPartAlloy.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemPartCarbonFibre.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Carbon Fibre
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemPartCarbonMesh.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Carbon Mesh
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemPartCarbonPlate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Plate
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemPartCircuit.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Electronic Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemPartCircuitAdv.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemPartCoalBall.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Ball
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemPartCoalBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Coal Ball
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemPartCoalChunk.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Chunk
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemPartDCP.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Copper Plate
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemPartIndustrialDiamond.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Industrial Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemPartIridium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemPartPellet.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY CF Pellet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemRawObsidianBlade.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Obsidian Blade
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemRemote.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dynamite-O-Mote
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemRubber.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rubber
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemScanner.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY OD Scanner
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemScannerAdv.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY OV Scanner
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemScrap.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Scrap
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemScrapMetal.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Scrap Metal
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemScrapbox.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Scrap Box
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemSolarHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Solar Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemStaticBoots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Static Boots
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemTFBP.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Empty
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemTFBPChilling.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Chilling
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemTFBPCultivation.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Cultivation
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemTFBPDesertification.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Desertification
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemTFBPFlatification.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Flatification
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemTFBPIrrigation.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Irrigation
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemTFBPMushroom.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Mushroom
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemTea.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tea
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemTeaLeaf.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tea Leaf
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemTerraWart.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Terra Wart
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemTinCan.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Can
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemTinCanFilled.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY (Filled) Tin Can
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolBronzeAxe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Axe
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolBronzeHoe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolBronzePickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolBronzeSpade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolBronzeSword.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sword
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolChainsaw.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chainsaw
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolCutter.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Insulation Cutter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolDDrill.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Drill
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolDrill.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mining Drill
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolHoe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolMeter.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY EU-Reader
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolMiningLaser.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Mining Laser
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolPainter.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolPainterBlack.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolPainterBlue.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolPainterBrown.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolPainterCloud.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolPainterCyan.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolPainterDarkGrey.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemToolPainterDarkGrey.name
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolPainterGreen.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolPainterLightGrey.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Grey Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolPainterLime.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolPainterMagenta.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolPainterOrange.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolPainterPink.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolPainterPurple.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolPainterRed.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolPainterWhite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY White Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolPainterYellow.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolWrench.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolWrenchElectric.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemToolbox.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tool Box
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemTreetap.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Treetap
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemTreetapElectric.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Treetap
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.itemWeedEx.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Weed-EX
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.null.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ranged OD Scanner
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorCondensator.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY RSH-Condensator
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorCondensatorLap.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY LZH-Condensator
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorCoolantSimple.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY 10k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorCoolantSix.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY 60k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorCoolantTriple.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY 30k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorHeatSwitch.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorHeatSwitchCore.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorHeatSwitchDiamond.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorHeatSwitchSpread.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Component Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorHeatpack.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Heating Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorIsotopeCell.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Depleted Isotope Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorPlating.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Plating
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorPlatingExplosive.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Containment Reactor Plating
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorPlatingHeat.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Heat-Capacity Reactor Plating
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorReflector.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorReflectorThick.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Thick Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorSteamVent.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorSteamVentCore.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Steam Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorSteamVentDiamond.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Steam Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorSteamVentGold.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Overclocked Steam Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorUraniumDual.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dual Uranium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Quad Uranium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorVent.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorVentCore.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorVentDiamond.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorVentGold.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Overclocked Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.reactorVentSpread.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Component Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.scrapMetalBlade.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Scrap Metal Blade
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.item.scrapMetalChunk.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Scrap Metal Chunk
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.noUsage.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.null.name
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.Item55ReactorCard.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY 5x5 Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergyArrayLocationCard.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Array Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorKit.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Sensor Kit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorLocationCard.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemLiquidArrayLocationCard.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Liquid Array Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorKit.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Counter Sensor Kit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorLocationCard.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Counter Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemRemoteSensorKit.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Remote Sensor Kit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemSensorLocationCard.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTextCard.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Text Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTimeCard.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Time Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolDigitalThermometer.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Digital Thermometer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolThermometer.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Thermometer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemUpgrade.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Range Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.NC-BRreactorCard.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY RF Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.NC-BRrfsensorKit.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Remote RF Reactor Kit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.remoteMonitor.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Information Panel
fe.protection.inventory.ImmibisPeripherals.component.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Microprocessor Core
fe.protection.inventory.ImmibisPeripherals.magncard.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Mag-stripe card
fe.protection.inventory.ImmibisPeripherals.rfidcard.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY RFID card
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.copperIronUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.diamondCrystalUpgrade.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.woodCopperUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.woodIronUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.hammer.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.mover.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dolly
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond dolly
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Storage upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Sticker
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.inventory.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.Hollow_Carriage.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Hollow Carriage
fe.protection.inventory.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.item.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_SimpleItemSet.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Carriage Crosspiece
fe.protection.inventory.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.item.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_ToolItemSet.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Screwdriver
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.ItemPipeSignCreator.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crafting Sign Creator
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeBlockRequestTable.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Request Table
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidBasic.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Fluid Basic Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidExtractor.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Fluid Extractor Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidInsertion.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Fluid Insertion Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidProvider.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Fluid Provider Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidRequestLogistics.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Fluid Request Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidSatellite.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Fluid Satellite Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidSupplierMk2.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Fluid Supplier
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsApiaristAnalyser.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bee Analyzer Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsApiaristSink.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY BeeSink Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsBasicLogistics.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsBasicTransport.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Unrouted Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsCraftingLogistics.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crafting Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsCraftingLogisticsMk2.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crafting Logistics Pipe Mk2
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsCraftingLogisticsMk3.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crafting Logistics Pipe Mk3
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsFirewall.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Firewall Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsFluidSupplier.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Fluid Container Supplier
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsInvSysConnector.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Inventory System Connector
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsProviderLogistics.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Provider Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsProviderLogisticsMk2.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Provider Logistics Pipe Mk2
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsRemoteOrdererLogistics.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Remote Orderer Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsRequestLogistics.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Request Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsRequestLogisticsMk2.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Request Logistics Pipe Mk2
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsSatelliteLogistics.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Satellite Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsSupplierLogistics.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Supplier Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsSystemDestinationLogistics.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics System Destination Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsSystemEntranceLogistics.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics System Entrance Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeLogisticsChassiMk1.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Chassis Mk1
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeLogisticsChassiMk2.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Chassis Mk2
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeLogisticsChassiMk3.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Chassis Mk3
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeLogisticsChassiMk4.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Chassis Mk4
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeLogisticsChassiMk5.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Chassis Mk5
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.brokenItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Broken Item
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.itemDisk.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Disk
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.itemModule.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Module
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.itemUpgrade.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sneaky Upgrade (UP)
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.logisticsFluidContainer.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Fluid Container
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.logisticsHUDGlasses.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics HUD Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.logisticsItemCard.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Item Card
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.logisticsParts.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics HUD Bow
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.pipeComponents.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Structural Pipe Frame
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.pipeController.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Pipe Controller
fe.protection.inventory.LogisticsPipes.item.remoteOrdererItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Remote Orderer
fe.protection.inventory.OCS.genericItem.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY .name
fe.protection.inventory.OCS.sensorCard.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Proximity Sensor Card
fe.protection.inventory.PowerConverters3.debugItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Converters Debug Probe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_alchemical_bag.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Alchemical Bag (White)
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_arcana_ring.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Arcana
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_archangel_smite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Archangel's Smite [WIP]
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_black_hole.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Hole Band
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_body_stone.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Body Stone
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_catalitic_lens.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Catalytic Lens
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_covalence_dust.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Low Covalence Dust
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_destruction_catalyst.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Destruction Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_divining_rod_1.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Divining Rod (low)
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_divining_rod_2.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Divining Rod (medium)
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_divining_rod_3.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Divining Rod (high)
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_armor_0.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Matter Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_armor_1.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Matter Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_armor_2.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Matter Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_armor_3.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Matter Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_axe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Matter Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_hammer.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Matter Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_hoe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Matter Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_pick.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Matter Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_shears.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Matter Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_shovel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Matter Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_sword.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Matter Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_evertide_amulet.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Evertide Amulet
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_fire_projectile.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.pe_fire_projectile.name
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_fuel.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Alchemical Coal
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_gem_armor_0.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Gem Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_gem_armor_1.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Gem Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_gem_armor_2.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Gem Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_gem_armor_3.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Gem Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_gem_density.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Gem of Eternal Density
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_harvest_god.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Harvest Goddess Band
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_hyperkinetic_lens.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hyperkinetic Lens
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_ignition.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ignition Ring
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_klein_star.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Klein Star Ein
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_lava_orb.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Orb
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_lens_explosive.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Explosive Lens
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_life_stone.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Life Stone
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_loot_ball.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Loot Ball
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_manual.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Book of the Alchemist [WIP]
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_matter.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Matter
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_mercurial_eye.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mercurial Eye
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_mind_stone.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Mind Stone
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_philosophers_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Philosopher's Stone
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_randomizer.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Randomizer Orb
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_repair_talisman.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Repair Talisman
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_ring_iron_band.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Band
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_armor_0.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Matter Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_armor_1.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Matter Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_armor_2.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Matter Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_armor_3.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Matter Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_axe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Matter Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_hammer.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Matter Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_hoe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Matter Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_katar.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Katar
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_morning_star.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Morningstar
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_pick.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Matter Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_shears.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Matter Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_shovel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Matter Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_sword.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Matter Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_soul_stone.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Stone
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_swrg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Swiftwolf's Rending Gale
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_time_watch.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Watch of Flowing Time
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_tome.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tome of Knowledge
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_transmutation_tablet.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Transmutation Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_void_ring.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Ring
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_volcanite_amulet.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Volcanite Amulet
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_water_orb.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Orb
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_wind_projectile.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.pe_wind_projectile.name
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectE.item.pe_zero_ring.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Zero Ring
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.steel.boots.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.steel.helmet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.steel.legs.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.steel.plate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t1.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t2.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t1.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t2.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t1.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t2.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.anchor.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Anchor Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.anchor.admin.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Admin Anchor Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.anchor.personal.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Personal Anchor Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.energy.batbox.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Batbox Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.energy.cesu.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY CESU Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.energy.mfe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY MFE Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gift Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tank Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.tnt.wood.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Work Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.dust.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Emblem
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cut Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Can
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Cell
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Coke
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bleached Clay
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Controller Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Standard Rail
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Rebar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Tie
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Blade
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Disk
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Routing Table
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Railway Ticket
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Meter
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Tuner
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.axe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.hoe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.pickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.shears.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shears
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.shovel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.sword.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.upgrade.lapotron.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapotron Loader Upgrade.name
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.armor.bootsFlux.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Boots
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.armor.helmetFlux.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Helm
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.armor.legsFlux.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.armor.plateFlux.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.material.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluxed Electrum Blend
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.tool.axeFlux.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Axe
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.tool.battleWrenchFlux.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused BattleWrench
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.tool.bowFlux.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Bow
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.tool.fishingRodFlux.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.tool.pickaxeFlux.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.tool.shovelFlux.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.tool.sickleFlux.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.tool.swordFlux.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Sword
fe.protection.inventory.RedstoneArsenal.tool.wrenchFlux.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused OmniWrench
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.mirror.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mirror
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.solarCell1.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Photovoltaic cell I
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.solarCell2.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Photovoltaic cell II
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.solarCell3.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Photovoltaic cell III
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.solarCell4.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Photovoltaic cell IV
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.upgradeBlank.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.upgradeCapacity.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Capacity upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.upgradeEfficiency.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Efficiency upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.upgradeFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Furnace upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.upgradeLowLight.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Low light upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.upgradeTransferRate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Transfer rate upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.SolarFlux.upgradeTraversal.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Machine traversal upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Tubestuff.uselessItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Retriever Jammer
fe.protection.inventory.additionalpipes.dogDeaggravator.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Dog Deaggravator
fe.protection.inventory.additionalpipes.item.PipeItemsTeleport.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Teleport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.additionalpipes.item.PipeLiquidsTeleport.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Teleport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.additionalpipes.item.PipeLogisticsTeleport.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Teleport Pipe [WIP]
fe.protection.inventory.additionalpipes.item.PipePowerTeleport.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Teleport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsaddition.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Addition Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsadvancedinsertion.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY [Deprecated] Insertion Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsadvancedwood.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Adv. Wooden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsclosed.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Closed Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdistributor.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Distribution Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsgravityfeed.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Gravity Feed Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsjeweled.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Jeweled Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemspriorityinsertion.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Priority Insertion Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeliquidsobsidian.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeliquidswaterpump.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Pump Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeswitchfluids.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Switch Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeswitchitems.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Switch Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeswitchpower.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Switch Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedAluminum.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Aluminum Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedCopper.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Copper Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedGold.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Gold Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedIron.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedLead.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Lead Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedNickel.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPlatinum.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedAluminum.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Aluminum Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedNickel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedPlatinum.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedSteel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Steel Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedTungsten.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedUranium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Uranium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedYellorium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedZinc.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedSilver.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Silver Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedSteel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Steel Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedTin.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Tin Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedTungsten.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedUranium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Uranium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedYellorium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedZinc.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustImpurePlatinum.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Platinum Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustImpureSteel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Steel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustImpureTungsten.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustImpureUranium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Uranium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustImpureYellorium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustImpureZinc.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Zinc Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustSteel.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyAluminum.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Aluminum Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyNickel.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Nickel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyPlatinum.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Platinum Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinySteel.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Steel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyTungsten.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyUranium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Uranium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyYellorium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyZinc.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Zinc Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTungsten.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.groundPlatinum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Platinum Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.groundSteel.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Steel Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.groundTungsten.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.groundUranium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Uranium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.groundYellorium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.groundZinc.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Zinc Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.orePlatinum.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreSteel.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Ore
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.amethyst_axe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Axe
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.amethyst_gem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.amethyst_hoe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.amethyst_pickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.amethyst_saw.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Saw
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.amethyst_shovel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.amethyst_sickle.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.amethyst_sword.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Sword
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.athame.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Athame
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.blue_alloy_ingot.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.blue_doped_wafer.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Doped Wafer
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.bluestone_anode_tile.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bluestone Anode Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.bluestone_cathode_tile.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bluestone Cathode Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.bluestone_pointer_tile.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bluestone Pointer Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.bluestone_wire_tile.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bluestone Wire Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.brass_ingot.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Brass Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.canvas.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Canvas
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.canvas_bag.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Canvas Bag
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.copper_ingot.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.copper_wire.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fine Copper Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.diamond_drawplate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Drawplate
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.diamond_sickle.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.flax_seeds.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Flax Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.gold_sickle.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.indigo_dye.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Indigo Dye
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.infused_teslatite_dust.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Infused Teslatite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.iron_sickle.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.iron_wire.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fine Iron Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.lumar.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY White Lumar
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.paint_brush.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Paint Brush
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.paint_can.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Paint Can
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.accelerator.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Accelerator
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.and.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY AND Gate
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.buffer.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Buffer Gate
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.black.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.black.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Black Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.blue.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.blue.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.brown.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.brown.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Brown Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.cyan.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.cyan.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Cyan Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.gray.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.gray.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.green.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.green.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Green Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_blue.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_blue.inverted.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Light Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_gray.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_gray.inverted.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Light Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.lime.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.lime.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Lime Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.magenta.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.magenta.inverted.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Magenta Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.orange.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.orange.inverted.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Orange Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.pink.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.pink.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Pink Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.purple.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.purple.inverted.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Purple Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.red.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.red.inverted.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Red Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.white.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.white.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.yellow.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.cagelamp.yellow.inverted.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Yellow Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.comparator.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Comparator
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.counter.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Counter
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.black.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.black.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Black Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.blue.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.blue.inverted.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Blue Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.brown.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.brown.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Brown Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.cyan.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.cyan.inverted.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Cyan Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.gray.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.gray.inverted.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Gray Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.green.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.green.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Green Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.light_blue.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.light_blue.inverted.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Light Blue Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.light_gray.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.light_gray.inverted.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Light Gray Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.lime.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.lime.inverted.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Lime Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.magenta.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.magenta.inverted.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Magenta Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.orange.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.orange.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Orange Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.pink.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.pink.inverted.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Pink Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.purple.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.purple.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Purple Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.red.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.red.inverted.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Red Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.white.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY White Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.white.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted White Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.yellow.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.fixture.yellow.inverted.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted Yellow Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit3x3.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY 3x3 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit5x5.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY 5x5 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit7x7.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY 7x7 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.inverter.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverter
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.lightCell.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Sensor
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.magTube.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Magtube
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.multiplexer.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Multiplexer
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.nand.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY NAND Gate
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.nor.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY NOR Gate
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.not.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY NOT Gate
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.nullcell.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Null Cell
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.or.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY OR Gate
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.pneumaticTube.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pneumatic Tube
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.pneumaticTubeOpaque.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Opaque Pneumatic Tube
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.pulseformer.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pulse Former
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.randomizer.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Randomizer
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.regulabletorch.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Regulable Torch
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.repeater.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Repeater
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.restrictionTube.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Restriction Tube
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.restrictionTubeOpaque.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Opaque Restriction Tube
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.rs.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY RS Latch
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.sequencer.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sequencer
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.state.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY State Cell
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.synchronizer.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Synchronizer
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.timer.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Timer
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.toggle.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Toggle Latch
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.transparent.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Transparent Latch
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.black.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.blue.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.brown.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.black.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.blue.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.brown.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.cyan.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.gray.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.green.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.light_blue.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.light_gray.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.lime.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.magenta.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.orange.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.pink.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.purple.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.red.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.white.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY White Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.yellow.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.cyan.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.gray.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.green.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.light_blue.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.light_gray.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.lime.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.magenta.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.orange.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.pink.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.purple.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.red.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.white.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY White Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.yellow.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.black.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.blue.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.brown.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.black.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.blue.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.brown.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.cyan.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.gray.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.green.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.light_blue.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.light_gray.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.lime.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.magenta.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.orange.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.pink.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.purple.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.red.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.white.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY White Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.yellow.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.cyan.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.gray.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.green.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.light_blue.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.light_gray.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.lime.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.magenta.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.orange.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.pink.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.purple.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.red.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.white.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY White Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.yellow.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.black.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.blue.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.brown.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.black.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.blue.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.brown.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.cyan.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.gray.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.green.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_blue.*   # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_gray.*   # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.lime.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.magenta.*      # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.orange.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.pink.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.purple.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.red.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.white.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY White Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.yellow.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.cyan.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.gray.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.green.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.light_blue.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.light_gray.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.lime.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.magenta.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.orange.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.pink.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.purple.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.red.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.white.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY White Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.yellow.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.black.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.blue.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.brown.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.black.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.blue.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.brown.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.cyan.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.gray.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.green.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.light_blue.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.light_gray.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.lime.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.magenta.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.orange.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.pink.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.purple.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.red.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.white.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY White Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.yellow.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.cyan.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.gray.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.green.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.light_blue.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.light_gray.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.lime.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.magenta.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.orange.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.pink.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.purple.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.red.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.white.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY White Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.yellow.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.black.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.blue.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.brown.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.black.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.blue.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.brown.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.cyan.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.gray.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.green.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_blue.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_gray.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.lime.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.magenta.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.orange.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.pink.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.purple.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.red.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.white.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY White Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.yellow.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.cyan.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.gray.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.green.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.light_blue.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.light_gray.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.lime.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.magenta.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.orange.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.pink.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.purple.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.red.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.white.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY White Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.yellow.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.black.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.blue.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.brown.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.black.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.blue.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.brown.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.cyan.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.gray.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.green.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.light_blue.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.light_gray.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.lime.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.magenta.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.orange.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.pink.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.purple.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.red.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.white.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY White Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.yellow.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.cyan.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.gray.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.green.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.light_blue.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.light_gray.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.lime.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.magenta.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.orange.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.pink.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.purple.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.red.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.white.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY White Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.yellow.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Digital Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.analog.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Analog Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.analog.bundled.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Analog Bundled Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.bundled.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Digital Bundled Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.xnor.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY XNOR Gate
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.part.xor.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY XOR Gate
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.purple_alloy_ingot.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.quartz_resonator_tile.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Resonator Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.red_alloy_ingot.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.red_doped_wafer.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Doped Wafer
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.redstone_anode_tile.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Anode Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.redstone_cathode_tile.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Cathode Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.redstone_pointer_tile.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Pointer Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.redstone_wire_tile.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Wire Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.ruby_axe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Axe
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.ruby_gem.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.ruby_hoe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.ruby_pickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.ruby_saw.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Saw
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.ruby_shovel.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.ruby_sickle.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.ruby_sword.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Sword
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.sapphire_axe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Axe
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.sapphire_gem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.sapphire_hoe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.sapphire_pickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.sapphire_saw.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Saw
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.sapphire_shovel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.sapphire_sickle.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.sapphire_sword.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Sword
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.screwdriver.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Screwdriver
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.screwdriver_handle.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Screwdriver Handle
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.seed_bag.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Bag
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.silicon_boule.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Boule
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.silicon_chip_tile.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Chip Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.silicon_wafer.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Wafer
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.silky_screwdriver.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Silky Screwdriver
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.silver_ingot.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.stone_bundle.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Bundle Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.stone_sickle.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.stone_tile.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.tainted_silicon_chip_tile.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tainted Silicon Chip Tile
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.teslatite_dust.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Teslatite
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.tungsten_ingot.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.tungsten_nugget.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.wood_sickle.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.wool_card.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wool Card
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.zinc_dust.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Dust
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.zinc_ingot.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.zinc_ore_crushed.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.zinc_ore_purified.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.zinc_tiny_dust.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Zinc Dust
fe.protection.inventory.bluepower.zincplate.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Plate
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.computronics.parts.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Track
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.computronics.relaySensor.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Digital Relay Sensor
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.computronics.tape.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cassette Tape
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.Blank_Module.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Module
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.Dust.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Quicklime
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.Engineer's_Wrench.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.Module.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.Nutrient_Water_Bucket.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Nutrient Water Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.Redstone_Wand.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Wand
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.Slickwater_Bucket.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Slickwater Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.Socket_Remote.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Socket Remote
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.ash.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ash
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.bluestone.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bluestone
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.chainSheet.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.circuit.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Electronic Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.fenceWire.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fence Wire
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.gasMask.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gas Mask
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.gem.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Emery
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.handBoiler.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Hand Boiler
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.hempCap.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Hemp Cap
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.hempOil.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Hemp Seed Oil
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.hempPants.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Hemp Pants
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.hempPlant.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Hemp
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.hempSeeds.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Hemp Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.hempShoes.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Hemp Shoes
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.hempTunic.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Hemp Tunic
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.ingot.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Black.name.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Spray Paint
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Blue.name.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Spray Paint
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Brown.name.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Spray Paint
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Cyan.name.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Spray Paint
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Gray.name.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Spray Paint
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Green.name.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Spray Paint
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Light_Blue.name.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Spray Paint
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Light_Gray.name.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Gray Spray Paint
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Lime.name.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Spray Paint
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Magenta.name.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Spray Paint
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Orange.name.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Spray Paint
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Pink.name.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Spray Paint
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Purple.name.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Spray Paint
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Red.name.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Spray Paint
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.White.name.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY White Spray Paint
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Yellow.name.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Spray Paint
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.psu.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Management Device
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.rsIngot.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Redstone Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.smokeGrenade.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Smoke Grenade
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.vial.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Gas Vial
fe.protection.inventory.eng_toolbox.vialFilled.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Natural Gas Vial
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.ApiaryUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Production Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.BeeReceptacle.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bee Receptacle
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.ClimateModule.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Climate Control Module
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.EjectCover.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Eject Cover
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.EnvProcessor.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Enviromental Processor
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.ErrorSensorCover.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Error Sensor Cover
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.GeneSample.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Gene Sample
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.GeneSampleBlank.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Gene Sample
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.GeneTemplate.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Genetic Template
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.GeneticsProcessor.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Genetics Processor
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.HiveSpawnDebugger.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hive Spawning Debugger
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.HoneyComb.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY invalid.name
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.HoneyDrop.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY invalid.name
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.ImportCover.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Import Cover
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.IndustrialGrafter.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Industrial Grafter
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.IndustrialScoop.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Scooporator MX200 Turbo
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.Labware.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Genetics Labware
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.LiquidDNABucket.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Liquid DNA Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.LiquidDNACan.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Liquid DNA Can
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.MutagenBucket.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutagen Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.MutagenCan.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutagen Can
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.MutagenTank.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutagen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.PollenKit.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pollen Collection Kit
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.PowerModule.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Module
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.ProteinBucket.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Protein Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.ProteinCan.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Protein Can
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.UpgradeFrame.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Frame
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.Waste.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Genetic Waste
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.apple.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.arrow.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bed.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bed
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beef.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Beef
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Powder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.boat.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bone.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.book.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bow.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bowl.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bread.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bread
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Brewing Stand
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brick.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cake.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cake
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cauldron
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chest Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chicken.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clock.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Clock
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.coal.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.comparator.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.compass.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Compass
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Steak
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cookie.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dye.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ink Sac
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.egg.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.emerald.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Eye of Ender
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.feather.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Feather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Charge
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fish.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint and Steel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Flower Pot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Furnace Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghast Tear
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gunpowder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hopper Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Frame
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lead.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Tunic
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Cap
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Pants
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Magma Cream
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.map.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Milk
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.minecart.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Name Tag
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Wart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.painting.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Painting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.paper.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Paper
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potato.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potion.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.quartz.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_11.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_13.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_far.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_strad.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.redstone.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.reeds.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar Canes
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.repeater.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.saddle.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Saddle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shears.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Shears
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sign.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sign
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.skull.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Slimeball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.snowball.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Snowball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Glistering Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stick.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.string.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY String
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sugar.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY TNT Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Book and Quill
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.written_book.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Written Book
fe.protection.inventory.powersuits.item.powerArmorBoots.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Armor Boots
fe.protection.inventory.powersuits.item.powerArmorChestplate.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Armor Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.powersuits.item.powerArmorHelmet.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Armor Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.powersuits.item.powerArmorLeggings.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Armor Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.powersuits.item.powerFist.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Fist
fe.protection.inventory.powersuits.powerArmorComponent.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wiring
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_ArrowBundle.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow Bundle
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_BoxOfFlintDust.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Box of Flint Dust
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_ColdIronClip.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cold Iron Clip
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_EnderQuartzMagazine.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Quartz Clip
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_GoldMagazine.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Magazine
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_LapisMagazine.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Magazine
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_LargeNetherrackMagazine.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Large Netherrack Magazine
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_LargeRedstoneMagazine.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Large Redstone Magazine
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_LargeRocket.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Big Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_ObsidianMagazine.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Magazine
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_Part_SEBarrel.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar Engine Barrel
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_Part_SEBody.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar Engine Main Body
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_RedstoneMagazine.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Magazine
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_RocketBundle.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Rocket Bundle
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_SeedJar.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Jar
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_SugarMagazine.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Clip of Sugar Rods
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_ThornMagazine.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorn Magazine
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_TurretSpawner.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Packed Up Arms Assistant
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_AATargeter.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Arms Assistant Targeting Helper
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_AquaAccelerator.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Aqua Accelerator
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CoinTosser.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin Tosser
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CoinTosser_Mod.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Modified Coin Tosser
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_Crossbow.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Compact Crossbow
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CrossbowAuto.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Auto-Crossbow
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CrossbowAutoImp.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Improved Auto-Crossbow
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CrossbowBlaze.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Crossbow
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CrossbowDouble.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Crossbow
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_DragonBox.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dragon Box
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_DragonBox_Quad.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Four-Headed Dragon Box
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_ERA.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Rail Accelerator
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_EnderBow.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Bow
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_EnderNymous.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Hidden Ender Pistol
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_EnderRifle.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Rifle
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_FenFire.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fen Fire
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_FlintDuster.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint Duster
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_FrostLancer.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Frost Lancer
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_LapisCoil.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Coil
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_LightningRed.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lightning Red
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_MortarArrow.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow Mortar
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_MortarRocket.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Dragon Mortar
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_NetherBellows.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Bellows
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_OSP.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Splinter Pistol
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_OSR.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Spear Rifle
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_OWR.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Wither Rifle
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_Potatosser.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Potatosser
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_PowderKnuckle.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Powder Knuckle
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_PowderKnuckle_Mod.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Modified Powder Knuckle
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_ProxyNeedler.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Proximity Thorn Thrower
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_QuiverBow.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow with Quiver
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_RPG.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Fireworks Rocket Launcher
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_RPG_Imp.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Improved Rocket Launcher
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_RayOfHope.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ray Of Hope
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_Redsprayer.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Sprayer
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_SeedSweeper.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Sweeper
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_Seedling.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Seedling
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_SilkenSpinner.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Silken Spinner
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_SnowCannon.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Snow Cannon
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_SoulCairn.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Cairn
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_SugarEngine.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar Engine
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_Sunray.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunray
fe.protection.inventory.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_ThornSpitter.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorn Spitter
fe.protection.inventory.zettaindustries.acidbucket.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Sulfurous Acid
fe.protection.inventory.zettaindustries.backpack.creativeT1.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.zettaindustries.backpack.creativeT2.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.zettaindustries.backpack.engineeringT1.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.zettaindustries.backpack.engineeringT2.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.zettaindustries.backpack.opencomputersT1.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY OpenComputers Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.zettaindustries.backpack.opencomputersT2.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY OpenComputers Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.zettaindustries.zettaindustries.fakeitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.null.name
fe.protection.inventorygroup                                                                     # (default: default) Inventory group property - can be set to any identifier to separate inventories for certain regions
fe.protection.use.*                                                                              # (default: true) Allow using items
fe.protection.use.BigReactors.BRDebugTool.*                                                      # (default: true) USE BeefTronicâ„¢ Diagnostics Tool
fe.protection.use.BigReactors.BRIngot.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Yellorium Ingot
fe.protection.use.BigReactors.bucketCyanite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fluid Cyanite Bucket
fe.protection.use.BigReactors.bucketYellorium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fluid Yellorium Bucket
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Builders.blueprintItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Blueprint
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Builders.templateItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Template
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Compat.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemspropolis.*                      # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.debugger.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Debugger
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.diamondGearItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Diamond Gear
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.goldGearItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Gold Gear
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.ironGearItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Iron Gear
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.list.*                                                         # (default: true) USE List
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.mapLocation.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Map Location
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.paintbrush.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Paintbrush
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.stoneGearItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Stone Gear
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.woodenGearItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wood Gear
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.wrenchItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wrench
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketFuel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketOil.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Oil Bucket
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Robotics.redstone_board.*                                           # (default: true) USE Redstone Board
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Robotics.robot.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Robot
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Robotics.robotStation.*                                             # (default: true) USE Docking Station
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Silicon.package.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Package
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneChipset.*                                           # (default: true) USE Redstone Chipset
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) USE Redstone Crystal
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.gateCopier.*                                              # (default: true) USE Gate Copier
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsclay.*                      # (default: true) USE Clay Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidscobblestone.*               # (default: true) USE Cobblestone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsdiamond.*                   # (default: true) USE Diamond Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsemerald.*                   # (default: true) USE Emerald Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsgold.*                      # (default: true) USE Golden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsiron.*                      # (default: true) USE Iron Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsquartz.*                    # (default: true) USE Quartz Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidssandstone.*                 # (default: true) USE Sandstone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsstone.*                     # (default: true) USE Stone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsvoid.*                      # (default: true) USE Void Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidswood.*                      # (default: true) USE Wooden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsclay.*                       # (default: true) USE Clay Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemscobblestone.*                # (default: true) USE Cobblestone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdaizuli.*                    # (default: true) USE Daizuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdiamond.*                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemerald.*                    # (default: true) USE Emerald Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemzuli.*                     # (default: true) USE Emzuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsgold.*                       # (default: true) USE Golden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsiron.*                       # (default: true) USE Iron Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemslapis.*                      # (default: true) USE Lazuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsobsidian.*                   # (default: true) USE Obsidian Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsquartz.*                     # (default: true) USE Quartz Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemssandstone.*                  # (default: true) USE Sandstone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstone.*                      # (default: true) USE Stone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstripes.*                    # (default: true) USE Stripes Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsvoid.*                       # (default: true) USE Void Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemswood.*                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowercobblestone.*                # (default: true) USE Cobblestone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerdiamond.*                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweremerald.*                    # (default: true) USE Emerald Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowergold.*                       # (default: true) USE Golden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweriron.*                       # (default: true) USE Iron Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerquartz.*                     # (default: true) USE Quartz Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowersandstone.*                  # (default: true) USE Sandstone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerstone.*                      # (default: true) USE Stone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerwood.*                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipestructurecobblestone.*            # (default: true) USE Cobblestone Structure Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeFacade.*                                              # (default: true) USE Facade: CORRUPT
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeGate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Basic Gate
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeLens.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lens (Black)
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePlug.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pipe Plug
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePowerAdapter.*                                        # (default: true) USE Power Adapter
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWaterproof.*                                          # (default: true) USE Pipe Sealant
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWire.*                                                # (default: true) USE Red Pipe Wire
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                           # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                                        # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                          # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                                        # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                          # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraft.disk.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Floppy Disk
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraft.diskExpanded.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Floppy Disk
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraft.pocketComputer.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pocket Computer
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraft.printout.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Printed Page
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraft.treasureDisk.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Floppy Disk
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.and.*                                                         # (default: true) USE And
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.attack.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Attack
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.attackDown.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Attack Down
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.attackUp.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Attack Up
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.block.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Block Name
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.break.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Break
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.comment.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Comment
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.compare.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Compare
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.compareDown.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Compare Down
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.compareUp.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Compare Up
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.detect.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Detect
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.detectDown.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Detect Down
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.detectUp.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Detect Up
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.dig.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dig
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.digDown.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Dig Down
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.digUp.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dig Up
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.dividedBy.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Divided By
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.do.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Do
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.drop.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Drop Items
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.dropDown.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Drop Items Down
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.dropUp.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Drop Items Up
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.else.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Else
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.elseIf.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Else If
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.end.*                                                         # (default: true) USE End
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.equalTo.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Equals
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.equipLeft.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Swap Left Tool
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.equipRight.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Swap Right Tool
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.exportedProgramDisk.*                                         # (default: true) USE Program Disk
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.false.*                                                       # (default: true) USE False
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.for.*                                                         # (default: true) USE For
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.getItemCount.*                                                # (default: true) USE Item Count
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.greaterThan.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Is Greater Than
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.greaterThanOrEqualTo.*                                        # (default: true) USE Is Greater Than Or Equal To
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.if.*                                                          # (default: true) USE If
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.inspect.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Inspect Block
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.inspectDown.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Inspect Block Below
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.inspectSlot.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Inspect Item
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.inspectUp.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Inspect Block Above
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.item.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Item Name
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.lessThan.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Is Less Than
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.lessThanOrEqualTo.*                                           # (default: true) USE Is Less Than Or Equal To
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.minus.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Minus
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.moveBack.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Move Back
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.moveDown.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Move Down
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.moveForward.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Move Forward
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.moveUp.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Move Up
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.not.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Not
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.notEqualTo.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Does Not Equal
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.number.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Number
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.or.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Or
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.place.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Place
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.placeDown.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Place Down
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.placeUp.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Place Up
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.plus.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Plus
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.programDisk.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Run Program
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.queryRedstone.*                                               # (default: true) USE Detect Redstone
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.queryRedstoneDown.*                                           # (default: true) USE Detect Redstone Down
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.queryRedstoneUp.*                                             # (default: true) USE Detect Redstone Up
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.random.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Random Boolean
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.randomNumber.*                                                # (default: true) USE Random Number:
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.repeat.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Repeat
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.say.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Say:
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.select.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Select Slot:
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.setRedstone.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Set Redstone:
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.setRedstoneDown.*                                             # (default: true) USE Set Redstone Down:
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.setRedstoneUp.*                                               # (default: true) USE Set Redstone Up:
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.string.*                                                      # (default: true) USE String
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.suck.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Take Items
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.suckDown.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Take Items From Below
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.suckUp.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Take Items From Above
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.then.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Then
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.times.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Multiplied By
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.to.*                                                          # (default: true) USE To
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.true.*                                                        # (default: true) USE True
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.turnLeft.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Turn Left
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.turnRight.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Turn Right
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.turtleRemote.*                                                # (default: true) USE Turtle Remote Control
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.variable.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Variable
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraftEdu.while.*                                                       # (default: true) USE While
fe.protection.use.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Ender Pouch
fe.protection.use.Forestry.adventurerBag.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Adventurer's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.adventurerBagT2.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Adventurer's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.ambrosia.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Ambrosia
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apatite.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Apatite
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apiaristBag.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apiaristBoots.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Shoes
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apiaristChest.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Shirt
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apiaristHelmet.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Hat
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apiaristLegs.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Pants
fe.protection.use.Forestry.ash.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Ash
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beeCombs.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Honey Comb
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beeDroneGE.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.for.beeDroneGE.name
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beeLarvaeGE.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.for.beeLarvaeGE.name
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beePrincessGE.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Princess
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beeQueenGE.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Queen
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beealyzer.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Beealyzer
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beeswax.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Beeswax
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beverage.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Short Mead
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bituminousPeat.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bituminous Peat
fe.protection.use.Forestry.brokenBronzePickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Broken Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Forestry.brokenBronzeShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Broken Shovel
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bronzePickaxe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Survivalist's Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bronzeShovel.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Survivalist's Shovel
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketBiomass.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Biomass Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketEthanol.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ethanol Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketGlass.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Glass Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketHoney.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Honey Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketIce.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crushed Ice Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketJuice.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Juice Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketSeedoil.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Seed Oil Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketShortMead.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Short Mead Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.builderBag.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Builder's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.builderBagT2.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Builder's WovenBackpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.butterflyGE.*                                                         # (default: true) USE ???
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canBiomass.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Biomass Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canEmpty.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canEthanol.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Ethanol Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canFuel.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Fuel Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canHoney.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Honey Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canIce.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Ice Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canJuice.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Juice Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canLava.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Lava Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canOil.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Oil Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canSeedOil.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Seed Oil Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canWater.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Water Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.carton.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Carton
fe.protection.use.Forestry.catalogue.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Catalogue
fe.protection.use.Forestry.caterpillarGE.*                                                       # (default: true) USE ???
fe.protection.use.Forestry.chipsets.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Basic Circuit Board
fe.protection.use.Forestry.craftingMaterial.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Pulsating Dust
fe.protection.use.Forestry.crate.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Crate
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedAcaciaSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedAcaciaWood.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedApatite.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedApples.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedAsh.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBeeswax.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBirchSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBirchWood.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBogearth.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBrass.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBrick.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBronze.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCacti.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCarrots.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCharcoal.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCherry.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedChestnut.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedClay.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCoal.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCobblestone.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCocoaComb.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCookies.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCopper.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedDarkOakSapling.*                                                # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedDarkOakWood.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedDates.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedDirt.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedDrippingCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedFertilizer.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedFrozenCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedGlowstone.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedGravel.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedHoneycombs.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedHoneydew.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedHumus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedJungleSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedJungleWood.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedLapis.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedLemon.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedMellowCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedMossyCombs.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedMulch.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedMycelium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedMysteriousCombs.*                                               # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNetherbrick.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNetherrack.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNetherwart.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedObsidian.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPapaya.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedParchedCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPeat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPhosphor.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPlum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPodzol.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPollen.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPotatoes.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPowderyCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPropolis.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedRedSand.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedRedstone.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedReeds.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedRefractoryWax.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedResin.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedRoyalJelly.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedRubber.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSand.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSandstone.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSaplings.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedScrap.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSeeds.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSilkyCombs.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSilver.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSimmeringCombs.*                                                # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSoulsand.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSpruceSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSpruceWood.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedStone.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedStringyCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedTin.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedUUM.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedWalnut.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedWheat.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedWheatenCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedWood.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.decayingWheat.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Decaying Wheat
fe.protection.use.Forestry.diggerBag.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Digger's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.diggerBagT2.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Digger's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.fertilizerBio.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Compost
fe.protection.use.Forestry.fertilizerCompound.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fertilizer
fe.protection.use.Forestry.flutterlyzer.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Flutterlyzer
fe.protection.use.Forestry.foresterBag.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Forester's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.foresterBagT2.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Forester's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.frameImpregnated.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Impregnated Frame
fe.protection.use.Forestry.frameProven.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Proven Frame
fe.protection.use.Forestry.frameUntreated.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Untreated Frame
fe.protection.use.Forestry.fruits.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Cherry
fe.protection.use.Forestry.gearBronze.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Bronze Gear
fe.protection.use.Forestry.gearCopper.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Copper Gear
fe.protection.use.Forestry.gearTin.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Tin Gear
fe.protection.use.Forestry.grafter.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Grafter
fe.protection.use.Forestry.grafterProven.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Proven Grafter
fe.protection.use.Forestry.habitatLocator.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Habitat Locator
fe.protection.use.Forestry.hardenedMachine.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Hardened Casing
fe.protection.use.Forestry.honeyDrop.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Honey Drop
fe.protection.use.Forestry.honeyPot.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Honey Pot
fe.protection.use.Forestry.honeydew.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Honeydew
fe.protection.use.Forestry.honeyedSlice.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Honeyed Slice
fe.protection.use.Forestry.hunterBag.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Hunter's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.hunterBagT2.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Hunter's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.impregnatedCasing.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Impregnated Casing
fe.protection.use.Forestry.imprinter.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Imprinter
fe.protection.use.Forestry.infuser.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Infuser
fe.protection.use.Forestry.ingotBronze.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.use.Forestry.ingotCopper.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Copper Ingot
fe.protection.use.Forestry.ingotTin.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Tin Ingot
fe.protection.use.Forestry.iodineCapsule.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iodine Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.kitPickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Pickaxe Kit
fe.protection.use.Forestry.kitShovel.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Shovel Kit
fe.protection.use.Forestry.lepidopteristBag.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lepidopterist's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.letters.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Letter
fe.protection.use.Forestry.minerBag.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Miner's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.minerBagT2.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Miner's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.mouldyWheat.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Mouldy Wheat
fe.protection.use.Forestry.mulch.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Mulch
fe.protection.use.Forestry.naturalistHelmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Spectacles
fe.protection.use.Forestry.oakStick.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Impregnated Stick
fe.protection.use.Forestry.peat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Peat
fe.protection.use.Forestry.phosphor.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Phosphor
fe.protection.use.Forestry.pipette.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Pipette
fe.protection.use.Forestry.pollen.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.use.Forestry.pollenFertile.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Unknown
fe.protection.use.Forestry.propolis.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Propolis
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryBiomass.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryEmpty.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Refractory Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryEthanol.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryFuel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryHoney.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Honey Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryIce.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ice Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryJuice.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Juice Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryLava.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Lava Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryOil.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Oil Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractorySeedOil.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryWater.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Water Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryWax.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Refractory Wax
fe.protection.use.Forestry.researchNote.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Sengir's Notes
fe.protection.use.Forestry.royalJelly.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Royal Jelly
fe.protection.use.Forestry.sapling.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Unknown
fe.protection.use.Forestry.scoop.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Scoop
fe.protection.use.Forestry.serumGE.*                                                             # (default: true) USE ???
fe.protection.use.Forestry.solderingIron.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Soldering Iron
fe.protection.use.Forestry.stamps.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Stamp (1n)
fe.protection.use.Forestry.sturdyMachine.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sturdy Casing
fe.protection.use.Forestry.thermionicTubes.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Copper Electron Tube
fe.protection.use.Forestry.treealyzer.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Treealyzer
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsule.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wax Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleBiomass.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleEthanol.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleFuel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleHoney.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Honey Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleIce.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ice Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleJuice.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Juice Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleOil.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Oil Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleSeedOil.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleWater.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Water Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCast.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Wax Cast
fe.protection.use.Forestry.woodPulp.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Wood Pulp
fe.protection.use.Forestry.wrench.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Wrench
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Unnamed
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Diamond Saw
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iron Saw
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Stone Saw
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Stone Rod
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.beer.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Zero
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.coffee.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Cold Coffee
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.fluid.steam.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Steam
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.ic2cable.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Copper Cable
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.ic2upgrades.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Overclocker Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemAdvancedSolarHelmet.*                                             # (default: true) USE Advanced Solar Helmet
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorAlloyChestplate.*                                            # (default: true) USE Composite Vest
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorBatpack.*                                                    # (default: true) USE BatPack
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorBronzeBoots.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bronze Boots
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorBronzeChestplate.*                                           # (default: true) USE Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorBronzeHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) USE Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorBronzeLegs.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorCFPack.*                                                     # (default: true) USE CF Backpack
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorHazmatChestplate.*                                           # (default: true) USE Hazmat Suit
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorHazmatHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) USE Scuba Helmet
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorHazmatLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) USE Hazmat Suit Leggings
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorJetpack.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Jetpack
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorJetpackElectric.*                                            # (default: true) USE Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorJetpackNuclear.*                                             # (default: true) USE Nuclear Jetpack
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorLappack.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lappack
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorNanoBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) USE NanoSuit Boots
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorNanoChestplate.*                                             # (default: true) USE NanoSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorNanoHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE NanoSuit Helmet
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorNanoLegs.*                                                   # (default: true) USE NanoSuit Leggings
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorQuantumBoots.*                                               # (default: true) USE QuantumSuit Boots
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorQuantumChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) USE QuantumSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorQuantumHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) USE QuantumSuit Helmet
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorQuantumLegs.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.itemArmorQuantumLegs.name
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemArmorRubBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Rubber Boots
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemBarrel.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Barrel
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemBatCrystal.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Energy Crystal
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemBatLamaCrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemBatRE.*                                                           # (default: true) USE RE-Battery
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemBatRECharged.*                                                    # (default: true) USE RE-Battery Charged
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemBatSU.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Single-Use Battery
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemBlackTea.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Black Tea
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemCellAir.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Compressed Air Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemCellBio.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Bio Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemCellBioRef.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Biofuel Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemCellCoal.*                                                        # (default: true) USE H. Coal Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemCellCoalRef.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Coalfuel Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemCellEmpty.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Empty Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemCellHydrant.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Hydration Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemCellLava.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Lava Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemCellUranEmpty.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Near-depleted Uranium Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemCellUranEnriched.*                                                # (default: true) USE Re-Enriched Uranium Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemCellWater.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Water Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemCellWaterElectro.*                                                # (default: true) USE Electrolyzed Water Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemCoffeeBeans.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Coffee Beans
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemCoffeePowder.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Coffee Powder
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemCoin.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Industrial Credit
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemColdTea.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Cold Tea
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemCoolant.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.itemCoolant.name
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemCropSeed.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Seed is missing data - bug?
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemCropanalyzer.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Cropnalyzer
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemDebug.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Debug Item
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemDoorAlloy.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Reinforced Door
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemDustBronze.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bronze Dust
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemDustClay.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Clay Dust
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemDustCoal.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Coal Dust
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemDustCopper.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Copper Dust
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemDustGold.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Gold Dust
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemDustIron.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemDustIronSmall.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemDustSilver.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Silver Dust
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemDustTin.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tin Dust
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemDynamite.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dynamite
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemDynamiteSticky.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sticky Dynamite
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemFertilizer.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Fertilizer
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemFoamSprayer.*                                                     # (default: true) USE CF Sprayer
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemFreq.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Frequency Transmitter
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemFuelCan.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Filled Fuel Can
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemFuelCanEmpty.*                                                    # (default: true) USE (Empty) Fuel Can
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemFuelCoalCmpr.*                                                    # (default: true) USE H. Coal
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemFuelCoalDust.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hydrated Coal Dust
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemFuelPlantBall.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Plantball
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemFuelPlantCmpr.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Compressed Plants
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemGrinPowder.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Grin Powder
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemHarz.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Sticky Resin
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemHops.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Hops
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemIceTea.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Ice Tea
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemIngotAdvIron.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Refined Iron Ingot
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemIngotAlloy.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Mixed Metal Ingot
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemIngotBronze.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemIngotCopper.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Copper Ingot
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemIngotSilver.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Silver Ingot
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemIngotTin.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tin Ingot
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemIngotUran.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Refined Uranium Ingot
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemMatter.*                                                          # (default: true) USE UU-Matter
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemMugEmpty.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Stone Mug
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemNanoSaber.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Nano Saber
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemNanoSaberActive.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Nano Saber
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemNightvisionGoggles.*                                              # (default: true) USE Nightvision Goggles
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemObsidianBlade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Obsidian Blade
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemObsidianDust.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemOreIridium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iridium Ore
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemOreUran.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Uranium Ore
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemPartAlloy.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Advanced Alloy
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemPartCarbonFibre.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Raw Carbon Fibre
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemPartCarbonMesh.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Raw Carbon Mesh
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemPartCarbonPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Carbon Plate
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemPartCircuit.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Electronic Circuit
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemPartCircuitAdv.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Advanced Circuit
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemPartCoalBall.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Coal Ball
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemPartCoalBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Compressed Coal Ball
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemPartCoalChunk.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Coal Chunk
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemPartDCP.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dense Copper Plate
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemPartIndustrialDiamond.*                                           # (default: true) USE Industrial Diamond
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemPartIridium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Iridium Plate
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemPartPellet.*                                                      # (default: true) USE CF Pellet
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemRawObsidianBlade.*                                                # (default: true) USE Raw Obsidian Blade
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemRemote.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dynamite-O-Mote
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemRubber.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Rubber
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemScanner.*                                                         # (default: true) USE OD Scanner
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemScannerAdv.*                                                      # (default: true) USE OV Scanner
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemScrap.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Scrap
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemScrapMetal.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Scrap Metal
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemScrapbox.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Scrap Box
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemSolarHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Solar Helmet
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemStaticBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Static Boots
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemTFBP.*                                                            # (default: true) USE TFBP - Empty
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemTFBPChilling.*                                                    # (default: true) USE TFBP - Chilling
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemTFBPCultivation.*                                                 # (default: true) USE TFBP - Cultivation
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemTFBPDesertification.*                                             # (default: true) USE TFBP - Desertification
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemTFBPFlatification.*                                               # (default: true) USE TFBP - Flatification
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemTFBPIrrigation.*                                                  # (default: true) USE TFBP - Irrigation
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemTFBPMushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) USE TFBP - Mushroom
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemTea.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Tea
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemTeaLeaf.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tea Leaf
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemTerraWart.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Terra Wart
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemTinCan.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tin Can
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemTinCanFilled.*                                                    # (default: true) USE (Filled) Tin Can
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolBronzeAxe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bronze Axe
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolBronzeHoe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolBronzePickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolBronzeSpade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolBronzeSword.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Bronze Sword
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolChainsaw.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Chainsaw
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolCutter.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Insulation Cutter
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolDDrill.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Diamond Drill
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolDrill.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mining Drill
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolHoe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Electric Hoe
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolMeter.*                                                       # (default: true) USE EU-Reader
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolMiningLaser.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Mining Laser
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolPainter.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolPainterBlack.*                                                # (default: true) USE Black Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolPainterBlue.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Blue Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolPainterBrown.*                                                # (default: true) USE Brown Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolPainterCloud.*                                                # (default: true) USE Light Blue Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolPainterCyan.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cyan Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolPainterDarkGrey.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.itemToolPainterDarkGrey.name
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolPainterGreen.*                                                # (default: true) USE Green Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolPainterLightGrey.*                                            # (default: true) USE Light Grey Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolPainterLime.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Lime Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolPainterMagenta.*                                              # (default: true) USE Magenta Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolPainterOrange.*                                               # (default: true) USE Orange Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolPainterPink.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pink Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolPainterPurple.*                                               # (default: true) USE Purple Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolPainterRed.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Red Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolPainterWhite.*                                                # (default: true) USE White Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolPainterYellow.*                                               # (default: true) USE Yellow Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolWrench.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Wrench
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolWrenchElectric.*                                              # (default: true) USE Electric Wrench
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemToolbox.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tool Box
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemTreetap.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Treetap
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemTreetapElectric.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Electric Treetap
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.itemWeedEx.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Weed-EX
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.null.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Ranged OD Scanner
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorCondensator.*                                                  # (default: true) USE RSH-Condensator
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorCondensatorLap.*                                               # (default: true) USE LZH-Condensator
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorCoolantSimple.*                                                # (default: true) USE 10k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorCoolantSix.*                                                   # (default: true) USE 60k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorCoolantTriple.*                                                # (default: true) USE 30k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorHeatSwitch.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorHeatSwitchCore.*                                               # (default: true) USE Reactor Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorHeatSwitchDiamond.*                                            # (default: true) USE Advanced Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorHeatSwitchSpread.*                                             # (default: true) USE Component Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorHeatpack.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Heating Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorIsotopeCell.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Depleted Isotope Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorPlating.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Reactor Plating
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorPlatingExplosive.*                                             # (default: true) USE Containment Reactor Plating
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorPlatingHeat.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Heat-Capacity Reactor Plating
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorReflector.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorReflectorThick.*                                               # (default: true) USE Thick Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorSteamVent.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Steam Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorSteamVentCore.*                                                # (default: true) USE Reactor Steam Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorSteamVentDiamond.*                                             # (default: true) USE Advanced Steam Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorSteamVentGold.*                                                # (default: true) USE Overclocked Steam Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorUraniumDual.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dual Uranium Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Quad Uranium Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                                # (default: true) USE Uranium Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorVent.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorVentCore.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Reactor Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorVentDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Advanced Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorVentGold.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Overclocked Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.reactorVentSpread.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Component Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.scrapMetalBlade.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Scrap Metal Blade
fe.protection.use.IC2.item.scrapMetalChunk.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Scrap Metal Chunk
fe.protection.use.IC2.noUsage.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.null.name
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.Item55ReactorCard.*                                          # (default: true) USE 5x5 Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergyArrayLocationCard.*                                # (default: true) USE Energy Array Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorKit.*                                        # (default: true) USE Energy Sensor Kit
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorLocationCard.*                               # (default: true) USE Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemLiquidArrayLocationCard.*                                # (default: true) USE Liquid Array Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorKit.*                                      # (default: true) USE Counter Sensor Kit
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorLocationCard.*                             # (default: true) USE Counter Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemRemoteSensorKit.*                                        # (default: true) USE Remote Sensor Kit
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemSensorLocationCard.*                                     # (default: true) USE Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTextCard.*                                               # (default: true) USE Text Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTimeCard.*                                               # (default: true) USE Time Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolDigitalThermometer.*                                 # (default: true) USE Digital Thermometer
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolThermometer.*                                        # (default: true) USE Thermometer
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) USE Range Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.NC-BRreactorCard.*                                           # (default: true) USE RF Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.NC-BRrfsensorKit.*                                           # (default: true) USE Remote RF Reactor Kit
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.remoteMonitor.*                                              # (default: true) USE Portable Information Panel
fe.protection.use.ImmibisPeripherals.component.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Microprocessor Core
fe.protection.use.ImmibisPeripherals.magncard.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Mag-stripe card
fe.protection.use.ImmibisPeripherals.rfidcard.*                                                  # (default: true) USE RFID card
fe.protection.use.IronChest.copperIronUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) USE Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.diamondCrystalUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) USE Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) USE Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.woodCopperUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.woodIronUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.JABBA.hammer.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.use.JABBA.mover.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Dolly
fe.protection.use.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Diamond dolly
fe.protection.use.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                             # (default: true) USE B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.use.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Storage upgrade
fe.protection.use.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Sticker
fe.protection.use.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.use.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.Hollow_Carriage.*                                        # (default: true) USE Hollow Carriage
fe.protection.use.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.item.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_SimpleItemSet.*               # (default: true) USE Carriage Crosspiece
fe.protection.use.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion.item.JAKJ_RedstoneInMotion_ToolItemSet.*                 # (default: true) USE Screwdriver
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.ItemPipeSignCreator.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crafting Sign Creator
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeBlockRequestTable.*                                    # (default: true) USE Logistics Request Table
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidBasic.*                                           # (default: true) USE Logistics Fluid Basic Pipe
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidExtractor.*                                       # (default: true) USE Logistics Fluid Extractor Pipe
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidInsertion.*                                       # (default: true) USE Logistics Fluid Insertion Pipe
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidProvider.*                                        # (default: true) USE Logistics Fluid Provider Pipe
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidRequestLogistics.*                                # (default: true) USE Logistics Fluid Request Pipe
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidSatellite.*                                       # (default: true) USE Logistics Fluid Satellite Pipe
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeFluidSupplierMk2.*                                     # (default: true) USE Logistics Fluid Supplier
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsApiaristAnalyser.*                                # (default: true) USE Bee Analyzer Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsApiaristSink.*                                    # (default: true) USE BeeSink Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsBasicLogistics.*                                  # (default: true) USE Basic Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsBasicTransport.*                                  # (default: true) USE Unrouted Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsCraftingLogistics.*                               # (default: true) USE Crafting Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsCraftingLogisticsMk2.*                            # (default: true) USE Crafting Logistics Pipe Mk2
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsCraftingLogisticsMk3.*                            # (default: true) USE Crafting Logistics Pipe Mk3
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsFirewall.*                                        # (default: true) USE Logistics Firewall Pipe
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsFluidSupplier.*                                   # (default: true) USE Logistics Fluid Container Supplier
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsInvSysConnector.*                                 # (default: true) USE Logistics Inventory System Connector
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsProviderLogistics.*                               # (default: true) USE Provider Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsProviderLogisticsMk2.*                            # (default: true) USE Provider Logistics Pipe Mk2
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsRemoteOrdererLogistics.*                          # (default: true) USE Remote Orderer Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsRequestLogistics.*                                # (default: true) USE Request Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsRequestLogisticsMk2.*                             # (default: true) USE Request Logistics Pipe Mk2
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsSatelliteLogistics.*                              # (default: true) USE Satellite Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsSupplierLogistics.*                               # (default: true) USE Supplier Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsSystemDestinationLogistics.*                      # (default: true) USE Logistics System Destination Pipe
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeItemsSystemEntranceLogistics.*                         # (default: true) USE Logistics System Entrance Pipe
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeLogisticsChassiMk1.*                                   # (default: true) USE Logistics Chassis Mk1
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeLogisticsChassiMk2.*                                   # (default: true) USE Logistics Chassis Mk2
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeLogisticsChassiMk3.*                                   # (default: true) USE Logistics Chassis Mk3
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeLogisticsChassiMk4.*                                   # (default: true) USE Logistics Chassis Mk4
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.PipeLogisticsChassiMk5.*                                   # (default: true) USE Logistics Chassis Mk5
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.brokenItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Logistics Broken Item
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.itemDisk.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Logistics Disk
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.itemModule.*                                               # (default: true) USE Blank Module
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.itemUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) USE Sneaky Upgrade (UP)
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.logisticsFluidContainer.*                                  # (default: true) USE Logistics Fluid Container
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.logisticsHUDGlasses.*                                      # (default: true) USE Logistics HUD Glasses
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.logisticsItemCard.*                                        # (default: true) USE Logistics Item Card
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.logisticsParts.*                                           # (default: true) USE Logistics HUD Bow
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.pipeComponents.*                                           # (default: true) USE Structural Pipe Frame
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.pipeController.*                                           # (default: true) USE Logistics Pipe Controller
fe.protection.use.LogisticsPipes.item.remoteOrdererItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Remote Orderer
fe.protection.use.OCS.genericItem.*                                                              # (default: true) USE .name
fe.protection.use.OCS.sensorCard.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Proximity Sensor Card
fe.protection.use.PowerConverters3.debugItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Power Converters Debug Probe
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_alchemical_bag.*                                              # (default: true) USE Alchemical Bag (White)
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_arcana_ring.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Ring of Arcana
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_archangel_smite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Archangel's Smite [WIP]
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_black_hole.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Black Hole Band
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_body_stone.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Body Stone
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_catalitic_lens.*                                              # (default: true) USE Catalytic Lens
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_covalence_dust.*                                              # (default: true) USE Low Covalence Dust
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_destruction_catalyst.*                                        # (default: true) USE Destruction Catalyst
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_divining_rod_1.*                                              # (default: true) USE Divining Rod (low)
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_divining_rod_2.*                                              # (default: true) USE Divining Rod (medium)
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_divining_rod_3.*                                              # (default: true) USE Divining Rod (high)
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_armor_0.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dark Matter Helmet
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_armor_1.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dark Matter Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_armor_2.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dark Matter Leggings
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_armor_3.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dark Matter Boots
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_axe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dark Matter Axe
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_hammer.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Dark Matter Hammer
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_hoe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dark Matter Hoe
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_pick.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Dark Matter Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_shears.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Dark Matter Shears
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_shovel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Dark Matter Shovel
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_dm_sword.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Dark Matter Sword
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_evertide_amulet.*                                             # (default: true) USE Evertide Amulet
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_fire_projectile.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.pe_fire_projectile.name
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_fuel.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Alchemical Coal
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_gem_armor_0.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Gem Helmet
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_gem_armor_1.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Gem Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_gem_armor_2.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Gem Leggings
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_gem_armor_3.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Gem Boots
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_gem_density.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Gem of Eternal Density
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_harvest_god.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Harvest Goddess Band
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_hyperkinetic_lens.*                                           # (default: true) USE Hyperkinetic Lens
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_ignition.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ignition Ring
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_klein_star.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Klein Star Ein
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_lava_orb.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lava Orb
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_lens_explosive.*                                              # (default: true) USE Explosive Lens
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_life_stone.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Life Stone
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_loot_ball.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Loot Ball
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_manual.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Book of the Alchemist [WIP]
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_matter.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dark Matter
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_mercurial_eye.*                                               # (default: true) USE Mercurial Eye
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_mind_stone.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Mind Stone
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_philosophers_stone.*                                          # (default: true) USE Philosopher's Stone
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_randomizer.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Randomizer Orb
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_repair_talisman.*                                             # (default: true) USE Repair Talisman
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_ring_iron_band.*                                              # (default: true) USE Iron Band
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_armor_0.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Red Matter Helmet
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_armor_1.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Red Matter Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_armor_2.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Red Matter Leggings
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_armor_3.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Red Matter Boots
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_axe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Red Matter Axe
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_hammer.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Red Matter Hammer
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_hoe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Red Matter Hoe
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_katar.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Red Katar
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_morning_star.*                                             # (default: true) USE Red Morningstar
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_pick.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Red Matter Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_shears.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Red Matter Shears
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_shovel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Red Matter Shovel
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_rm_sword.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Red Matter Sword
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_soul_stone.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Soul Stone
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_swrg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Swiftwolf's Rending Gale
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_time_watch.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Watch of Flowing Time
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_tome.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tome of Knowledge
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_transmutation_tablet.*                                        # (default: true) USE Transmutation Tablet
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_void_ring.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Void Ring
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_volcanite_amulet.*                                            # (default: true) USE Volcanite Amulet
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_water_orb.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Water Orb
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_wind_projectile.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.pe_wind_projectile.name
fe.protection.use.ProjectE.item.pe_zero_ring.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Zero Ring
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.steel.boots.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.steel.helmet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.steel.legs.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Leggings
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.steel.plate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t1.*                                             # (default: true) USE Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t2.*                                             # (default: true) USE Woven Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t1.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t2.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Woven Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t1.*                                               # (default: true) USE Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t2.*                                               # (default: true) USE Woven Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.anchor.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Anchor Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.anchor.admin.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Admin Anchor Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.anchor.personal.*                                               # (default: true) USE Personal Anchor Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.energy.batbox.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Batbox Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.energy.cesu.*                                                   # (default: true) USE CESU Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.energy.mfe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE MFE Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Gift Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                              # (default: true) USE Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tank Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.tnt.wood.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Work Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.dust.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Emblem
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Cut Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Raw Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Refined Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                              # (default: true) USE Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                              # (default: true) USE Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Creosote Can
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                                # (default: true) USE Creosote Cell
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                           # (default: true) USE Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Steam Bottle
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Coal Coke
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Bleached Clay
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Controller Circuit
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Standard Rail
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Rebar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Signal Lamp
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Tie
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Turbine Blade
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Turbine Disk
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Routing Table
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Railway Ticket
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                                # (default: true) USE Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crowbar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                            # (default: true) USE Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                                # (default: true) USE Electric Meter
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                              # (default: true) USE Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Signal Tuner
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.axe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Axe
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.hoe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Hoe
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.pickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.shears.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Steel Shears
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.shovel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Steel Shovel
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.sword.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Sword
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.upgrade.lapotron.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Lapotron Loader Upgrade.name
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.armor.bootsFlux.*                                              # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Boots
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.armor.helmetFlux.*                                             # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Helm
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.armor.legsFlux.*                                               # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Leggings
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.armor.plateFlux.*                                              # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Chestplate
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.material.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fluxed Electrum Blend
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.tool.axeFlux.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Axe
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.tool.battleWrenchFlux.*                                        # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused BattleWrench
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.tool.bowFlux.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Bow
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.tool.fishingRodFlux.*                                          # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.tool.pickaxeFlux.*                                             # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.tool.shovelFlux.*                                              # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Shovel
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.tool.sickleFlux.*                                              # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Sickle
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.tool.swordFlux.*                                               # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Sword
fe.protection.use.RedstoneArsenal.tool.wrenchFlux.*                                              # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused OmniWrench
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.mirror.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Mirror
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.solarCell1.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Photovoltaic cell I
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.solarCell2.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Photovoltaic cell II
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.solarCell3.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Photovoltaic cell III
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.solarCell4.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Photovoltaic cell IV
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.upgradeBlank.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Blank upgrade
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.upgradeCapacity.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Capacity upgrade
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.upgradeEfficiency.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Efficiency upgrade
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.upgradeFurnace.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Furnace upgrade
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.upgradeLowLight.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Low light upgrade
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.upgradeTransferRate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Transfer rate upgrade
fe.protection.use.SolarFlux.upgradeTraversal.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Machine traversal upgrade
fe.protection.use.Tubestuff.uselessItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Retriever Jammer
fe.protection.use.additionalpipes.dogDeaggravator.*                                              # (default: true) USE Dog Deaggravator
fe.protection.use.additionalpipes.item.PipeItemsTeleport.*                                       # (default: true) USE Item Teleport Pipe
fe.protection.use.additionalpipes.item.PipeLiquidsTeleport.*                                     # (default: true) USE Fluid Teleport Pipe
fe.protection.use.additionalpipes.item.PipeLogisticsTeleport.*                                   # (default: true) USE Logistics Teleport Pipe [WIP]
fe.protection.use.additionalpipes.item.PipePowerTeleport.*                                       # (default: true) USE Power Teleport Pipe
fe.protection.use.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsaddition.*                        # (default: true) USE Addition Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsadvancedinsertion.*               # (default: true) USE [Deprecated] Insertion Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsadvancedwood.*                    # (default: true) USE Adv. Wooden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsclosed.*                          # (default: true) USE Closed Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdistributor.*                     # (default: true) USE Distribution Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsgravityfeed.*                     # (default: true) USE Gravity Feed Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsjeweled.*                         # (default: true) USE Jeweled Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemspriorityinsertion.*               # (default: true) USE Priority Insertion Pipe
fe.protection.use.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeliquidsobsidian.*                      # (default: true) USE Obsidian Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeliquidswaterpump.*                     # (default: true) USE Water Pump Pipe
fe.protection.use.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeswitchfluids.*                         # (default: true) USE Switch Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeswitchitems.*                          # (default: true) USE Switch Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.additionalpipes.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeswitchpower.*                          # (default: true) USE Switch Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedAluminum.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crushed Aluminum Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedCopper.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crushed Copper Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedGold.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Crushed Gold Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedIron.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedLead.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Crushed Lead Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedNickel.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPlatinum.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedAluminum.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Aluminum Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedNickel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedPlatinum.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedSteel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Steel Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedTungsten.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedUranium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Uranium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedYellorium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedZinc.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedSilver.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crushed Silver Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedSteel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Crushed Steel Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedTin.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Crushed Tin Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedTungsten.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedUranium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crushed Uranium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedYellorium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crushed Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedZinc.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustImpurePlatinum.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Impure Platinum Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustImpureSteel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Impure Steel Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustImpureTungsten.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Impure Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustImpureUranium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Impure Uranium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustImpureYellorium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Impure Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustImpureZinc.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Impure Zinc Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustSteel.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Steel Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyAluminum.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Aluminum Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyNickel.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Nickel Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyPlatinum.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Platinum Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinySteel.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Steel Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyTungsten.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyUranium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Uranium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyYellorium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyZinc.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Zinc Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTungsten.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.groundPlatinum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Ground Platinum Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.groundSteel.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Ground Steel Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.groundTungsten.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Ground Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.groundUranium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Ground Uranium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.groundYellorium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Ground Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.groundZinc.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Ground Zinc Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.orePlatinum.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Platinum Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreSteel.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Steel Ore
fe.protection.use.bluepower.amethyst_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Amethyst Axe
fe.protection.use.bluepower.amethyst_gem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Amethyst
fe.protection.use.bluepower.amethyst_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Amethyst Hoe
fe.protection.use.bluepower.amethyst_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Amethyst Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.bluepower.amethyst_saw.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Amethyst Saw
fe.protection.use.bluepower.amethyst_shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Amethyst Shovel
fe.protection.use.bluepower.amethyst_sickle.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Amethyst Sickle
fe.protection.use.bluepower.amethyst_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Amethyst Sword
fe.protection.use.bluepower.athame.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Athame
fe.protection.use.bluepower.blue_alloy_ingot.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Blue Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.use.bluepower.blue_doped_wafer.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Blue Doped Wafer
fe.protection.use.bluepower.bluestone_anode_tile.*                                               # (default: true) USE Bluestone Anode Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.bluestone_cathode_tile.*                                             # (default: true) USE Bluestone Cathode Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.bluestone_pointer_tile.*                                             # (default: true) USE Bluestone Pointer Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.bluestone_wire_tile.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bluestone Wire Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.brass_ingot.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Brass Ingot
fe.protection.use.bluepower.canvas.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Canvas
fe.protection.use.bluepower.canvas_bag.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Black Canvas Bag
fe.protection.use.bluepower.copper_ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Copper Ingot
fe.protection.use.bluepower.copper_wire.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Fine Copper Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.diamond_drawplate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Diamond Drawplate
fe.protection.use.bluepower.diamond_sickle.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.use.bluepower.flax_seeds.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Flax Seeds
fe.protection.use.bluepower.gold_sickle.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Gold Sickle
fe.protection.use.bluepower.indigo_dye.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Indigo Dye
fe.protection.use.bluepower.infused_teslatite_dust.*                                             # (default: true) USE Infused Teslatite Dust
fe.protection.use.bluepower.iron_sickle.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Iron Sickle
fe.protection.use.bluepower.iron_wire.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Fine Iron Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.lumar.*                                                              # (default: true) USE White Lumar
fe.protection.use.bluepower.paint_brush.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Black Paint Brush
fe.protection.use.bluepower.paint_can.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Black Paint Can
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.accelerator.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Accelerator
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.and.*                                                           # (default: true) USE AND Gate
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.buffer.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Buffer Gate
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.black.*                                                # (default: true) USE Black Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.black.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) USE Inverted Black Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.blue.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.blue.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) USE Inverted Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.brown.*                                                # (default: true) USE Brown Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.brown.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) USE Inverted Brown Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.cyan.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cyan Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.cyan.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) USE Inverted Cyan Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.gray.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.gray.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) USE Inverted Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.green.*                                                # (default: true) USE Green Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.green.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) USE Inverted Green Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_blue.*                                           # (default: true) USE Light Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_blue.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) USE Inverted Light Blue Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_gray.*                                           # (default: true) USE Light Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.light_gray.inverted.*                                  # (default: true) USE Inverted Light Gray Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.lime.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Lime Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.lime.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) USE Inverted Lime Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.magenta.*                                              # (default: true) USE Magenta Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.magenta.inverted.*                                     # (default: true) USE Inverted Magenta Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.orange.*                                               # (default: true) USE Orange Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.orange.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) USE Inverted Orange Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.pink.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pink Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.pink.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) USE Inverted Pink Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.purple.*                                               # (default: true) USE Purple Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.purple.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) USE Inverted Purple Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.red.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Red Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.red.inverted.*                                         # (default: true) USE Inverted Red Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.white.*                                                # (default: true) USE White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.white.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) USE Inverted White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.yellow.*                                               # (default: true) USE Yellow Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.cagelamp.yellow.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) USE Inverted Yellow Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.comparator.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Comparator
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.counter.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Counter
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.black.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Black Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.black.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) USE Inverted Black Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.blue.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Blue Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.blue.inverted.*                                         # (default: true) USE Inverted Blue Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.brown.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Brown Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.brown.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) USE Inverted Brown Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.cyan.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cyan Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.cyan.inverted.*                                         # (default: true) USE Inverted Cyan Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.gray.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Gray Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.gray.inverted.*                                         # (default: true) USE Inverted Gray Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.green.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Green Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.green.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) USE Inverted Green Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.light_blue.*                                            # (default: true) USE Light Blue Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.light_blue.inverted.*                                   # (default: true) USE Inverted Light Blue Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.light_gray.*                                            # (default: true) USE Light Gray Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.light_gray.inverted.*                                   # (default: true) USE Inverted Light Gray Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.lime.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Lime Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.lime.inverted.*                                         # (default: true) USE Inverted Lime Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.magenta.*                                               # (default: true) USE Magenta Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.magenta.inverted.*                                      # (default: true) USE Inverted Magenta Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.orange.*                                                # (default: true) USE Orange Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.orange.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) USE Inverted Orange Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.pink.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Pink Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.pink.inverted.*                                         # (default: true) USE Inverted Pink Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.purple.*                                                # (default: true) USE Purple Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.purple.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) USE Inverted Purple Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.red.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Red Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.red.inverted.*                                          # (default: true) USE Inverted Red Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.white.*                                                 # (default: true) USE White Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.white.inverted.*                                        # (default: true) USE Inverted White Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.yellow.*                                                # (default: true) USE Yellow Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.fixture.yellow.inverted.*                                       # (default: true) USE Inverted Yellow Fixture
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit3x3.*                                          # (default: true) USE 3x3 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit5x5.*                                          # (default: true) USE 5x5 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.integratedCircuit7x7.*                                          # (default: true) USE 7x7 Integrated Circuit
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.inverter.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Inverter
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.lightCell.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Light Sensor
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.magTube.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Magtube
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.multiplexer.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Multiplexer
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.nand.*                                                          # (default: true) USE NAND Gate
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.nor.*                                                           # (default: true) USE NOR Gate
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.not.*                                                           # (default: true) USE NOT Gate
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.nullcell.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Null Cell
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.or.*                                                            # (default: true) USE OR Gate
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.pneumaticTube.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pneumatic Tube
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.pneumaticTubeOpaque.*                                           # (default: true) USE Opaque Pneumatic Tube
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.pulseformer.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Pulse Former
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.randomizer.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Randomizer
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.regulabletorch.*                                                # (default: true) USE Regulable Torch
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.repeater.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Repeater
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.restrictionTube.*                                               # (default: true) USE Restriction Tube
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.restrictionTubeOpaque.*                                         # (default: true) USE Opaque Restriction Tube
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.rs.*                                                            # (default: true) USE RS Latch
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.sequencer.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sequencer
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.state.*                                                         # (default: true) USE State Cell
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.synchronizer.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Synchronizer
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.timer.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Timer
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.toggle.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Toggle Latch
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.transparent.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Transparent Latch
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.black.*                                          # (default: true) USE Black Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.blue.*                                           # (default: true) USE Blue Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.brown.*                                          # (default: true) USE Brown Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.*                                        # (default: true) USE Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.black.*                                  # (default: true) USE Black Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.blue.*                                   # (default: true) USE Blue Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.brown.*                                  # (default: true) USE Brown Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.cyan.*                                   # (default: true) USE Cyan Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.gray.*                                   # (default: true) USE Gray Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.green.*                                  # (default: true) USE Green Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.light_blue.*                             # (default: true) USE Light Blue Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.light_gray.*                             # (default: true) USE Light Gray Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.lime.*                                   # (default: true) USE Lime Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.magenta.*                                # (default: true) USE Magenta Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.orange.*                                 # (default: true) USE Orange Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.pink.*                                   # (default: true) USE Pink Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.purple.*                                 # (default: true) USE Purple Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.red.*                                    # (default: true) USE Red Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.white.*                                  # (default: true) USE White Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.bundled.yellow.*                                 # (default: true) USE Yellow Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.cyan.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cyan Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.gray.*                                           # (default: true) USE Gray Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.green.*                                          # (default: true) USE Green Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.light_blue.*                                     # (default: true) USE Light Blue Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.light_gray.*                                     # (default: true) USE Light Gray Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.lime.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lime Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.magenta.*                                        # (default: true) USE Magenta Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.orange.*                                         # (default: true) USE Orange Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.pink.*                                           # (default: true) USE Pink Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.purple.*                                         # (default: true) USE Purple Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.red.*                                            # (default: true) USE Red Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.white.*                                          # (default: true) USE White Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.bluestone.yellow.*                                         # (default: true) USE Yellow Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.*                                   # (default: true) USE Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.black.*                             # (default: true) USE Black Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.blue.*                              # (default: true) USE Blue Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.brown.*                             # (default: true) USE Brown Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.*                           # (default: true) USE Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.black.*                     # (default: true) USE Black Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.blue.*                      # (default: true) USE Blue Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.brown.*                     # (default: true) USE Brown Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.cyan.*                      # (default: true) USE Cyan Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.gray.*                      # (default: true) USE Gray Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.green.*                     # (default: true) USE Green Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.light_blue.*                # (default: true) USE Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.light_gray.*                # (default: true) USE Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.lime.*                      # (default: true) USE Lime Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.magenta.*                   # (default: true) USE Magenta Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.orange.*                    # (default: true) USE Orange Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.pink.*                      # (default: true) USE Pink Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.purple.*                    # (default: true) USE Purple Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.red.*                       # (default: true) USE Red Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.white.*                     # (default: true) USE White Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.bundled.yellow.*                    # (default: true) USE Yellow Freestanding Bundled Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.cyan.*                              # (default: true) USE Cyan Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.gray.*                              # (default: true) USE Gray Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.green.*                             # (default: true) USE Green Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.light_blue.*                        # (default: true) USE Light Blue Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.light_gray.*                        # (default: true) USE Light Gray Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.lime.*                              # (default: true) USE Lime Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.magenta.*                           # (default: true) USE Magenta Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.orange.*                            # (default: true) USE Orange Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.pink.*                              # (default: true) USE Pink Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.purple.*                            # (default: true) USE Purple Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.red.*                               # (default: true) USE Red Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.white.*                             # (default: true) USE White Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.bluestone.yellow.*                            # (default: true) USE Yellow Freestanding Bluestone Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.*                            # (default: true) USE Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.black.*                      # (default: true) USE Black Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.blue.*                       # (default: true) USE Blue Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.brown.*                      # (default: true) USE Brown Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.*                    # (default: true) USE Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.black.*              # (default: true) USE Black Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.blue.*               # (default: true) USE Blue Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.brown.*              # (default: true) USE Brown Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.cyan.*               # (default: true) USE Cyan Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.gray.*               # (default: true) USE Gray Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.green.*              # (default: true) USE Green Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_blue.*         # (default: true) USE Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_gray.*         # (default: true) USE Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.lime.*               # (default: true) USE Lime Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.magenta.*            # (default: true) USE Magenta Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.orange.*             # (default: true) USE Orange Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.pink.*               # (default: true) USE Pink Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.purple.*             # (default: true) USE Purple Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.red.*                # (default: true) USE Red Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.white.*              # (default: true) USE White Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.bundled.yellow.*             # (default: true) USE Yellow Freestanding Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.cyan.*                       # (default: true) USE Cyan Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.gray.*                       # (default: true) USE Gray Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.green.*                      # (default: true) USE Green Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.light_blue.*                 # (default: true) USE Light Blue Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.light_gray.*                 # (default: true) USE Light Gray Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.lime.*                       # (default: true) USE Lime Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.magenta.*                    # (default: true) USE Magenta Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.orange.*                     # (default: true) USE Orange Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.pink.*                       # (default: true) USE Pink Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.purple.*                     # (default: true) USE Purple Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.red.*                        # (default: true) USE Red Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.white.*                      # (default: true) USE White Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.infusedteslatite.yellow.*                     # (default: true) USE Yellow Freestanding Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.*                                    # (default: true) USE Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.black.*                              # (default: true) USE Black Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.blue.*                               # (default: true) USE Blue Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.brown.*                              # (default: true) USE Brown Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.*                            # (default: true) USE Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.black.*                      # (default: true) USE Black Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.blue.*                       # (default: true) USE Blue Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.brown.*                      # (default: true) USE Brown Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.cyan.*                       # (default: true) USE Cyan Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.gray.*                       # (default: true) USE Gray Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.green.*                      # (default: true) USE Green Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.light_blue.*                 # (default: true) USE Light Blue Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.light_gray.*                 # (default: true) USE Light Gray Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.lime.*                       # (default: true) USE Lime Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.magenta.*                    # (default: true) USE Magenta Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.orange.*                     # (default: true) USE Orange Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.pink.*                       # (default: true) USE Pink Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.purple.*                     # (default: true) USE Purple Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.red.*                        # (default: true) USE Red Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.white.*                      # (default: true) USE White Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.bundled.yellow.*                     # (default: true) USE Yellow Freestanding Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.cyan.*                               # (default: true) USE Cyan Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.gray.*                               # (default: true) USE Gray Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.green.*                              # (default: true) USE Green Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.light_blue.*                         # (default: true) USE Light Blue Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.light_gray.*                         # (default: true) USE Light Gray Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.lime.*                               # (default: true) USE Lime Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.magenta.*                            # (default: true) USE Magenta Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.orange.*                             # (default: true) USE Orange Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.pink.*                               # (default: true) USE Pink Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.purple.*                             # (default: true) USE Purple Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.red.*                                # (default: true) USE Red Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.white.*                              # (default: true) USE White Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.freestanding.redalloy.yellow.*                             # (default: true) USE Yellow Freestanding Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.*                                         # (default: true) USE Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.black.*                                   # (default: true) USE Black Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.blue.*                                    # (default: true) USE Blue Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.brown.*                                   # (default: true) USE Brown Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.*                                 # (default: true) USE Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.black.*                           # (default: true) USE Black Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.blue.*                            # (default: true) USE Blue Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.brown.*                           # (default: true) USE Brown Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.cyan.*                            # (default: true) USE Cyan Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.gray.*                            # (default: true) USE Gray Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.green.*                           # (default: true) USE Green Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_blue.*                      # (default: true) USE Light Blue Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.light_gray.*                      # (default: true) USE Light Gray Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.lime.*                            # (default: true) USE Lime Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.magenta.*                         # (default: true) USE Magenta Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.orange.*                          # (default: true) USE Orange Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.pink.*                            # (default: true) USE Pink Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.purple.*                          # (default: true) USE Purple Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.red.*                             # (default: true) USE Red Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.white.*                           # (default: true) USE White Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.bundled.yellow.*                          # (default: true) USE Yellow Bundled Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.cyan.*                                    # (default: true) USE Cyan Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.gray.*                                    # (default: true) USE Gray Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.green.*                                   # (default: true) USE Green Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.light_blue.*                              # (default: true) USE Light Blue Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.light_gray.*                              # (default: true) USE Light Gray Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.lime.*                                    # (default: true) USE Lime Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.magenta.*                                 # (default: true) USE Magenta Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.orange.*                                  # (default: true) USE Orange Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.pink.*                                    # (default: true) USE Pink Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.purple.*                                  # (default: true) USE Purple Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.red.*                                     # (default: true) USE Red Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.white.*                                   # (default: true) USE White Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.infusedteslatite.yellow.*                                  # (default: true) USE Yellow Infused Teslatite Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.black.*                                           # (default: true) USE Black Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.blue.*                                            # (default: true) USE Blue Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.brown.*                                           # (default: true) USE Brown Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.*                                         # (default: true) USE Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.black.*                                   # (default: true) USE Black Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.blue.*                                    # (default: true) USE Blue Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.brown.*                                   # (default: true) USE Brown Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.cyan.*                                    # (default: true) USE Cyan Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.gray.*                                    # (default: true) USE Gray Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.green.*                                   # (default: true) USE Green Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.light_blue.*                              # (default: true) USE Light Blue Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.light_gray.*                              # (default: true) USE Light Gray Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.lime.*                                    # (default: true) USE Lime Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.magenta.*                                 # (default: true) USE Magenta Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.orange.*                                  # (default: true) USE Orange Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.pink.*                                    # (default: true) USE Pink Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.purple.*                                  # (default: true) USE Purple Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.red.*                                     # (default: true) USE Red Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.white.*                                   # (default: true) USE White Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.bundled.yellow.*                                  # (default: true) USE Yellow Bundled Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.cyan.*                                            # (default: true) USE Cyan Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.gray.*                                            # (default: true) USE Gray Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.green.*                                           # (default: true) USE Green Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.light_blue.*                                      # (default: true) USE Light Blue Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.light_gray.*                                      # (default: true) USE Light Gray Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.lime.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lime Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.magenta.*                                         # (default: true) USE Magenta Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.orange.*                                          # (default: true) USE Orange Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.pink.*                                            # (default: true) USE Pink Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.purple.*                                          # (default: true) USE Purple Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.red.*                                             # (default: true) USE Red Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.white.*                                           # (default: true) USE White Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wire.redalloy.yellow.*                                          # (default: true) USE Yellow Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.*                                           # (default: true) USE Digital Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.analog.*                                    # (default: true) USE Analog Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.analog.bundled.*                            # (default: true) USE Analog Bundled Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.wirelesstransceiver.bundled.*                                   # (default: true) USE Digital Bundled Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.xnor.*                                                          # (default: true) USE XNOR Gate
fe.protection.use.bluepower.part.xor.*                                                           # (default: true) USE XOR Gate
fe.protection.use.bluepower.purple_alloy_ingot.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Purple Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.use.bluepower.quartz_resonator_tile.*                                              # (default: true) USE Quartz Resonator Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.red_alloy_ingot.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Red Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.use.bluepower.red_doped_wafer.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Red Doped Wafer
fe.protection.use.bluepower.redstone_anode_tile.*                                                # (default: true) USE Redstone Anode Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.redstone_cathode_tile.*                                              # (default: true) USE Redstone Cathode Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.redstone_pointer_tile.*                                              # (default: true) USE Redstone Pointer Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.redstone_wire_tile.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Redstone Wire Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.ruby_axe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Ruby Axe
fe.protection.use.bluepower.ruby_gem.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Ruby
fe.protection.use.bluepower.ruby_hoe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Ruby Hoe
fe.protection.use.bluepower.ruby_pickaxe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ruby Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.bluepower.ruby_saw.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Ruby Saw
fe.protection.use.bluepower.ruby_shovel.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ruby Shovel
fe.protection.use.bluepower.ruby_sickle.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ruby Sickle
fe.protection.use.bluepower.ruby_sword.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Ruby Sword
fe.protection.use.bluepower.sapphire_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sapphire Axe
fe.protection.use.bluepower.sapphire_gem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sapphire
fe.protection.use.bluepower.sapphire_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sapphire Hoe
fe.protection.use.bluepower.sapphire_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Sapphire Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.bluepower.sapphire_saw.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sapphire Saw
fe.protection.use.bluepower.sapphire_shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Sapphire Shovel
fe.protection.use.bluepower.sapphire_sickle.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Sapphire Sickle
fe.protection.use.bluepower.sapphire_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sapphire Sword
fe.protection.use.bluepower.screwdriver.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Screwdriver
fe.protection.use.bluepower.screwdriver_handle.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Screwdriver Handle
fe.protection.use.bluepower.seed_bag.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Seed Bag
fe.protection.use.bluepower.silicon_boule.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Silicon Boule
fe.protection.use.bluepower.silicon_chip_tile.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Silicon Chip Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.silicon_wafer.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Silicon Wafer
fe.protection.use.bluepower.silky_screwdriver.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Silky Screwdriver
fe.protection.use.bluepower.silver_ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Silver Ingot
fe.protection.use.bluepower.stone_bundle.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Stone Bundle Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.stone_sickle.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Stone Sickle
fe.protection.use.bluepower.stone_tile.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Stone Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.tainted_silicon_chip_tile.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tainted Silicon Chip Tile
fe.protection.use.bluepower.teslatite_dust.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Teslatite
fe.protection.use.bluepower.tungsten_ingot.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tungsten Ingot
fe.protection.use.bluepower.tungsten_nugget.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tungsten Nugget
fe.protection.use.bluepower.wood_sickle.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.use.bluepower.wool_card.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wool Card
fe.protection.use.bluepower.zinc_dust.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Zinc Dust
fe.protection.use.bluepower.zinc_ingot.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Zinc Ingot
fe.protection.use.bluepower.zinc_ore_crushed.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.use.bluepower.zinc_ore_purified.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.use.bluepower.zinc_tiny_dust.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Zinc Dust
fe.protection.use.bluepower.zincplate.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Zinc Plate
fe.protection.use.computronics.computronics.parts.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tape Track
fe.protection.use.computronics.computronics.relaySensor.*                                        # (default: true) USE Digital Relay Sensor
fe.protection.use.computronics.computronics.tape.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cassette Tape
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.Blank_Module.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Blank Module
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.Dust.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Quicklime
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.Engineer's_Wrench.*                                                # (default: true) USE Engineer's Wrench
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.Module.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Blank
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.Nutrient_Water_Bucket.*                                            # (default: true) USE Nutrient Water Bucket
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.Redstone_Wand.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Redstone Wand
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.Slickwater_Bucket.*                                                # (default: true) USE Slickwater Bucket
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.Socket_Remote.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Socket Remote
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.ash.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Ash
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.bluestone.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bluestone
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.chainSheet.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Chain Sheet
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.circuit.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Electronic Circuit
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.fenceWire.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Fence Wire
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.gasMask.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Gas Mask
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.gem.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Emery
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.handBoiler.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Hand Boiler
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.hempCap.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Hemp Cap
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.hempOil.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Hemp Seed Oil
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.hempPants.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Hemp Pants
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.hempPlant.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Hemp
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.hempSeeds.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Hemp Seeds
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.hempShoes.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Hemp Shoes
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.hempTunic.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Hemp Tunic
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.ingot.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Aluminium Ingot
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Black.name.*                                         # (default: true) USE Black Spray Paint
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Blue.name.*                                          # (default: true) USE Blue Spray Paint
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Brown.name.*                                         # (default: true) USE Brown Spray Paint
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Cyan.name.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cyan Spray Paint
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Gray.name.*                                          # (default: true) USE Gray Spray Paint
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Green.name.*                                         # (default: true) USE Green Spray Paint
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Light_Blue.name.*                                    # (default: true) USE Light Blue Spray Paint
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Light_Gray.name.*                                    # (default: true) USE Light Gray Spray Paint
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Lime.name.*                                          # (default: true) USE Lime Spray Paint
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Magenta.name.*                                       # (default: true) USE Magenta Spray Paint
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Orange.name.*                                        # (default: true) USE Orange Spray Paint
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Pink.name.*                                          # (default: true) USE Pink Spray Paint
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Purple.name.*                                        # (default: true) USE Purple Spray Paint
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Red.name.*                                           # (default: true) USE Red Spray Paint
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.White.name.*                                         # (default: true) USE White Spray Paint
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.item.paintCan.Yellow.name.*                                        # (default: true) USE Yellow Spray Paint
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.psu.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Power Management Device
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.rsIngot.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Sweet Redstone Ingot
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.smokeGrenade.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Smoke Grenade
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.vial.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Empty Gas Vial
fe.protection.use.eng_toolbox.vialFilled.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Natural Gas Vial
fe.protection.use.gendustry.ApiaryUpgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Production Upgrade
fe.protection.use.gendustry.BeeReceptacle.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bee Receptacle
fe.protection.use.gendustry.ClimateModule.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Climate Control Module
fe.protection.use.gendustry.EjectCover.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Item Eject Cover
fe.protection.use.gendustry.EnvProcessor.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Enviromental Processor
fe.protection.use.gendustry.ErrorSensorCover.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Error Sensor Cover
fe.protection.use.gendustry.GeneSample.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Gene Sample
fe.protection.use.gendustry.GeneSampleBlank.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Blank Gene Sample
fe.protection.use.gendustry.GeneTemplate.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Genetic Template
fe.protection.use.gendustry.GeneticsProcessor.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Genetics Processor
fe.protection.use.gendustry.HiveSpawnDebugger.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Hive Spawning Debugger
fe.protection.use.gendustry.HoneyComb.*                                                          # (default: true) USE invalid.name
fe.protection.use.gendustry.HoneyDrop.*                                                          # (default: true) USE invalid.name
fe.protection.use.gendustry.ImportCover.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Item Import Cover
fe.protection.use.gendustry.IndustrialGrafter.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Industrial Grafter
fe.protection.use.gendustry.IndustrialScoop.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Scooporator MX200 Turbo
fe.protection.use.gendustry.Labware.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Genetics Labware
fe.protection.use.gendustry.LiquidDNABucket.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Liquid DNA Bucket
fe.protection.use.gendustry.LiquidDNACan.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Liquid DNA Can
fe.protection.use.gendustry.MutagenBucket.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Mutagen Bucket
fe.protection.use.gendustry.MutagenCan.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Mutagen Can
fe.protection.use.gendustry.MutagenTank.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Mutagen Tank
fe.protection.use.gendustry.PollenKit.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Pollen Collection Kit
fe.protection.use.gendustry.PowerModule.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Power Module
fe.protection.use.gendustry.ProteinBucket.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Protein Bucket
fe.protection.use.gendustry.ProteinCan.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Protein Can
fe.protection.use.gendustry.UpgradeFrame.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Upgrade Frame
fe.protection.use.gendustry.Waste.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Genetic Waste
fe.protection.use.minecraft.apple.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.arrow.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Arrow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Baked Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bed.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Bed
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beef.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Raw Beef
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Blaze Powder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Blaze Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.boat.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bone.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Bone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.book.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bow.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Bow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bowl.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Bowl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bread.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Bread
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brick.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cake.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Cake
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Cauldron
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Chain Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) USE Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Chain Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Chain Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Chest Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chicken.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Raw Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Clay
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clock.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Clock
fe.protection.use.minecraft.coal.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Coal
fe.protection.use.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                             # (default: true) USE Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.use.minecraft.comparator.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.use.minecraft.compass.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Compass
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Steak
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Cooked Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cookie.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Cookie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Diamond
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Diamond Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Diamond Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                                # (default: true) USE Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Diamond Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dye.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Ink Sac
fe.protection.use.minecraft.egg.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.emerald.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Emerald
fe.protection.use.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Enchanted Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Eye of Ender
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ender Pearl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.feather.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Feather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                               # (default: true) USE Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Fire Charge
fe.protection.use.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Firework Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Firework Rocket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fish.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Raw Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Flint
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Flint and Steel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Flower Pot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Furnace Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Ghast Tear
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Glass Bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Gold Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Gold Nugget
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Golden Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Golden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Golden Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Golden Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Golden Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Golden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Golden Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Golden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Golden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Gunpowder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hopper Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Iron Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Iron Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Iron Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Iron Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iron Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Iron Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Item Frame
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Lava Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lead.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Lead
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Leather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Leather Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Leather Tunic
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Leather Cap
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Leather Pants
fe.protection.use.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Magma Cream
fe.protection.use.minecraft.map.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Empty Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Melon Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Milk
fe.protection.use.minecraft.minecart.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Minecart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.use.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Name Tag
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Nether Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Nether Wart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Nether Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.painting.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Painting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.paper.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Paper
fe.protection.use.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potato.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potion.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Water Bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.quartz.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_11.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_13.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_far.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_strad.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.redstone.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Redstone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.reeds.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Sugar Canes
fe.protection.use.minecraft.repeater.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.use.minecraft.saddle.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Saddle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shears.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Shears
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sign.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Sign
fe.protection.use.minecraft.skull.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.use.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Slimeball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.snowball.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Snowball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Spawn
fe.protection.use.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Glistering Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stick.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Stone Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Stone Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Stone Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Stone Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.string.*                                                             # (default: true) USE String
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sugar.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Sugar
fe.protection.use.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                       # (default: true) USE TNT Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Water Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Wheat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Book and Quill
fe.protection.use.minecraft.written_book.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Written Book
fe.protection.use.powersuits.item.powerArmorBoots.*                                              # (default: true) USE Power Armor Boots
fe.protection.use.powersuits.item.powerArmorChestplate.*                                         # (default: true) USE Power Armor Chestplate
fe.protection.use.powersuits.item.powerArmorHelmet.*                                             # (default: true) USE Power Armor Helmet
fe.protection.use.powersuits.item.powerArmorLeggings.*                                           # (default: true) USE Power Armor Leggings
fe.protection.use.powersuits.item.powerFist.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Power Fist
fe.protection.use.powersuits.powerArmorComponent.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wiring
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_ArrowBundle.*                                        # (default: true) USE Arrow Bundle
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_BoxOfFlintDust.*                                     # (default: true) USE Box of Flint Dust
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_ColdIronClip.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cold Iron Clip
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_EnderQuartzMagazine.*                                # (default: true) USE Ender Quartz Clip
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_GoldMagazine.*                                       # (default: true) USE Gold Magazine
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_LapisMagazine.*                                      # (default: true) USE Lapis Magazine
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_LargeNetherrackMagazine.*                            # (default: true) USE Large Netherrack Magazine
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_LargeRedstoneMagazine.*                              # (default: true) USE Large Redstone Magazine
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_LargeRocket.*                                        # (default: true) USE Big Rocket
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_ObsidianMagazine.*                                   # (default: true) USE Obsidian Magazine
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_Part_SEBarrel.*                                      # (default: true) USE Sugar Engine Barrel
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_Part_SEBody.*                                        # (default: true) USE Sugar Engine Main Body
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_RedstoneMagazine.*                                   # (default: true) USE Redstone Magazine
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_RocketBundle.*                                       # (default: true) USE Rocket Bundle
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_SeedJar.*                                            # (default: true) USE Seed Jar
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_SugarMagazine.*                                      # (default: true) USE Clip of Sugar Rods
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_ThornMagazine.*                                      # (default: true) USE Thorn Magazine
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.ammochevsky_TurretSpawner.*                                      # (default: true) USE Packed Up Arms Assistant
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_AATargeter.*                                       # (default: true) USE Arms Assistant Targeting Helper
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_AquaAccelerator.*                                  # (default: true) USE Aqua Accelerator
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CoinTosser.*                                       # (default: true) USE Coin Tosser
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CoinTosser_Mod.*                                   # (default: true) USE Modified Coin Tosser
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_Crossbow.*                                         # (default: true) USE Compact Crossbow
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CrossbowAuto.*                                     # (default: true) USE Auto-Crossbow
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CrossbowAutoImp.*                                  # (default: true) USE Improved Auto-Crossbow
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CrossbowBlaze.*                                    # (default: true) USE Blaze Crossbow
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_CrossbowDouble.*                                   # (default: true) USE Double Crossbow
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_DragonBox.*                                        # (default: true) USE Dragon Box
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_DragonBox_Quad.*                                   # (default: true) USE Four-Headed Dragon Box
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_ERA.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ender Rail Accelerator
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_EnderBow.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ender Bow
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_EnderNymous.*                                      # (default: true) USE Hidden Ender Pistol
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_EnderRifle.*                                       # (default: true) USE Ender Rifle
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_FenFire.*                                          # (default: true) USE Fen Fire
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_FlintDuster.*                                      # (default: true) USE Flint Duster
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_FrostLancer.*                                      # (default: true) USE Frost Lancer
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_LapisCoil.*                                        # (default: true) USE Lapis Coil
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_LightningRed.*                                     # (default: true) USE Lightning Red
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_MortarArrow.*                                      # (default: true) USE Arrow Mortar
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_MortarRocket.*                                     # (default: true) USE Dragon Mortar
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_NetherBellows.*                                    # (default: true) USE Nether Bellows
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_OSP.*                                              # (default: true) USE Obsidian Splinter Pistol
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_OSR.*                                              # (default: true) USE Obsidian Spear Rifle
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_OWR.*                                              # (default: true) USE Obsidian Wither Rifle
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_Potatosser.*                                       # (default: true) USE Potatosser
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_PowderKnuckle.*                                    # (default: true) USE Powder Knuckle
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_PowderKnuckle_Mod.*                                # (default: true) USE Modified Powder Knuckle
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_ProxyNeedler.*                                     # (default: true) USE Proximity Thorn Thrower
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_QuiverBow.*                                        # (default: true) USE Bow with Quiver
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_RPG.*                                              # (default: true) USE Fireworks Rocket Launcher
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_RPG_Imp.*                                          # (default: true) USE Improved Rocket Launcher
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_RayOfHope.*                                        # (default: true) USE Ray Of Hope
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_Redsprayer.*                                       # (default: true) USE Redstone Sprayer
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_SeedSweeper.*                                      # (default: true) USE Seed Sweeper
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_Seedling.*                                         # (default: true) USE Seedling
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_SilkenSpinner.*                                    # (default: true) USE Silken Spinner
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_SnowCannon.*                                       # (default: true) USE Snow Cannon
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_SoulCairn.*                                        # (default: true) USE Soul Cairn
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_SugarEngine.*                                      # (default: true) USE Sugar Engine
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_Sunray.*                                           # (default: true) USE Sunray
fe.protection.use.quiverchevsky.weaponchevsky_ThornSpitter.*                                     # (default: true) USE Thorn Spitter
fe.protection.use.zettaindustries.acidbucket.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bucket of Sulfurous Acid
fe.protection.use.zettaindustries.backpack.creativeT1.*                                          # (default: true) USE Creative Backpack
fe.protection.use.zettaindustries.backpack.creativeT2.*                                          # (default: true) USE Creative Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.zettaindustries.backpack.engineeringT1.*                                       # (default: true) USE Engineer's Backpack
fe.protection.use.zettaindustries.backpack.engineeringT2.*                                       # (default: true) USE Engineer's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.zettaindustries.backpack.opencomputersT1.*                                     # (default: true) USE OpenComputers Backpack
fe.protection.use.zettaindustries.backpack.opencomputersT2.*                                     # (default: true) USE OpenComputers Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.zettaindustries.zettaindustries.fakeitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE item.null.name
